34:-- "In how different a light does the question of the nature of species now present itself to us from that in
which it appeared only twenty years ago, before we had studied the fossil remains of Greece and the allied
forms of other countries. How clearly do these fossil relics point to the idea that species, genera, families, and 
orders now so distinct have had common ancestors. The more we advance and fill up the gaps, the more we feel 
persuaded that the remaining voids exist rather in our knowledge than in nature. A few blows of the pickaxe at
the foot of the Pyrenees, of the Himalaya, of Mount Pentelicus in Greece, a few diggings in the sandpits of 
Eppelsheim, or in the Mauvaises Terres of Nebraska, have revealed to us the closest connecting links between 
forms which seemed before so widely separated. How much closer will these links be drawn when 
Palaeontology shall have escaped from its cradle!"- 

LETTER 570. A. SEDGWICK TO CHARLES DARWIN. -570-1. In May, 1870, Darwin "went to the Bull Hotel, 
Cambridge, to see the boys, and for a little rest and enjoyment." -570-2. See "Life and Letters," III., 125.- The 
following letter was received after his return to Down.- Trinity College, Cambridge, May 30th, 1870. My dear 
Darwin, Your very kind letter surprised me. Not that I was surprised at the pleasant and very welcome feeling 
with which it was written. But I could not make out what I had done to deserve the praise of "extraordinary 
kindness to yourself and family." I would most willingly have done my best to promote the objects of your visit, 
but you gave me no opportunity of doing so. I was truly grieved to find that my joy at seeing you again was 
almost too robust for your state of nerves, and that my society, after a little while, became oppressive to you. 
But I do trust that your Cambridge visit has done you no constitutional harm; nay, rather that it has done you 
some good. I only speak honest truth when I say that I was overflowing with joy when I saw you, and saw you in 
the midst of a dear family party, and solaced at every turn by the loving care of a dear wife and daughters. How 
different from my position--that of a very old man, living in cheerless solitude! May god help and cheer you all 
with the comfort of hopeful hearts--you and your wife, and your sons and daughters! You were talking about my 
style of writing,--I send you my last specimen, and it will probably continue to be my last. It is the continuation 
of a former pamphlet of which I have not one spar e copy. I do not ask you to read it. It is addressed to the old 
people in my native Dale of Dent, on the outskirts of Westmorland. While standing at the door of the old 
vicarage, I can see down the valley the Lake mountains--Hill Bell at the head of Windermere, about twenty 
miles off. On Thursday next -D.V.- I am to start for Dent, which I have not visited for full two years. Two years 
ago I could walk three or four miles with com fort. Now, alas! I can only hobble about on my stick. I remain your 
true-hearted old friend A. Sedgwick. 

LETTER 571. TO C. LYELL. Down, September 3rd -1874-. Many thanks for your very kind and interesting 
letter. I was glad to hear at Southampton from Miss Heathcote a good account of your health and strength. With 
respect to the great subject to which you refer in your P.S., I always try to banish it from my mind as insoluble; 
but if I were circumstanced as you are, no doubt it would recur in the dead of the night with painful force. Many 
persons seem to make themselves quite easy about immortality -571-1. See "Life and Letters," I., page 312.- and 
the existence of a personal God, by intuition; and I suppose that I must differ from such persons, for I do not 
feel any innate conviction on any such points. We returned home about ten days ago from Southampton, and I 
enjoyed my holiday, which did me much good. But already I am much fatigued by microscope and experimental 
work with insect-eating plants. When at Southampton I was greatly interested by looking at the odd gravel 
deposits near at hand, and speculating about their formation. You once told me something about them, but I 
forget what; and I think that Prestwich has written on the superficial deposits on the south coasts, and I must 
find out his paper and read it. -571-2. Prof. Prestwich contributed several papers to the Geological Society on 
the Superficial Deposits of the South of England.- From what I have seen of Mr. Judd's papers I have thought 
that he would rank amongst the few leading British geologists. 

LETTER 572. TO J.D. HOOKER. -572-1. The following letter was written befor e Mr. Darwin knew that Sir 
Charles Lyell was to be buried in Westmins ter Abbey, a memorial which thoroughly satis fied him. See "Life 
and Letters," III., 197.- Down, February 23rd, 1875. I have just heard from Miss Buckley of Lyell's death. I have 
long felt opposed to the present rage for testimonials; but when I think how Lyell revolutionised Geology, and 
aided in the progress of so many other branches of science, I wish that something could be done in his honour. 
On the other hand it seems to me that a poor testimonial would be worse than none; and testimonials seem to 
succeed only when a man has been known and loved by many persons, as in the case of Falconer and Forbes. 
Now, I doubt whether of late years any large number of scientific men did feel much attachment towards Lyell; 
but on this head I am very ill fitted to judge. I should like to hear some time what you think, and if anything is 
proposed I should particularly wish to join in it. We have both lost as good and as true a friend as ever lived.