dying now, Pierre," said she, falling back upon her pillow. "I feel I have but a short time to live. I welcome 
death, since I cannot be yours. But, oh, the unutterable pang of leaving you, my dear love!" Pierre could only 
reply by sobs and kisses. Am elie was silent for a few moments, as if revolving some deep thought in her mind. 
"There is one thing, Pierre, I have to beg of you," said she, faltering as if doubting his consent to her prayer. 
"Can you, will you, accept my life for Le Gardeur's? If I die for HIM, will you forgive my poor blood-stained 
and deluded brother, and your own? Yes, Pierre," repeated she, as she rais ed his hand to her lips and kissed it, 
"your brother, as well as mine! Will you forgive him, Pierre?" "Amelie! Amelie!" replied he with a voice broken 
with emotion, "can you fancy other than that I would forgive him? I forgave Le Gardeur from the first. In my 
heart I never accused him of my father's death. Alas, he knew not what he did! He was but a sword in the hands 
of my father's enemies. I forgave him then, darling, and I forgive him wholly now, for your sake and his own." 
"My noble Pierre!" replied she, putting out her arms towards him. "Why might not God have suffered me to 
reward such divine goodness? Thanks, my love! I now die content with all things but parting with you." She held 
him fast by his hands, one of which she kept pressed to her lips. They all looked at her expectantly, waiting for 
her to speak again, for her eyes wer e wide open and fixed with a look of ineffable love upon the face of Pierre, 
looking like life, after life was fled. She still held him in her rigid clasp, but she moved not. Upon her pale lips 
a smile seemed to hover. It was but the shadow left behind of her retreating soul. Amelie de Repentigny was dead! 
The angel of death had kissed her lovingly, and unnoticed of any she had passed with him away. The watchful 
eye of the Lady de Tilly was the first to see that Amelie's breath had gone so quietly that no one caught her 
latest sigh. The phys ician and chaplain rushed hurriedly into the chamber, but too late. The great physician of 
souls had already put his beloved to sleep,--the blessed sleep, whos e dream is of love on earth, and whose 
waking is in heaven. The great high priest of the sons and daughters of men had anointed her with the oil of his 
mercy, and sent his blessed angels to lead her to the mansions of everlasting rest. The stroke fell like the 
stunning blow of a hammer upon the heart of Pierre. He had, indeed, foreseen her death, but tried in vain to 
realize it. He made no outcry, but sat still, wrapped in a terrible silence as in the midst of a desert. He held fast 
her dead hands, and gazed upon her dead face until the heart-br eaking sobs of H eloise, and the appeals of Mere 
Esther, roused him from his stupor. He rose up, and, lifting Amelie in his arms, laid her upon a couch tenderly 
and reverently, as a man touches the holiest object of his religion. Amelie was to him a sacrament, and in his 
manly love he worshipped her more as a saint than as a woman, a creation of heavenly more than of earthly 
perfections. 

Pierre bent over her and closed for the last time those dear eyes which had looked upon him so pure and so 
lovingly. He embraced her dead form, and kissed those pallid lips which had once confessed her unalterable 
love and truth for Pierre Philibert. The agitated nuns gathered round them at the news of death in the Convent. 
They looked wonderingly and earnestly at an exhibition of such absorbing affection, and were for the most part 
in tears. With some of these gentle women this picture of true love, broken in the midst of its brightest hopes, 
woke sympathies and recollections which the watchful eye of Mer e Migeon promptly checked as soon as she 
came into the parlor. The Lady Superior saw that all was over, and that Pierre's presence was an uneasiness 
to the nuns, who glanced at him with eyes of pity and womanly sympathy. She took him kindly by the hand, with a 
few words of condolence, and intimated that, as he had been permitted to see the end, he must now withdraw 
from those forbidden precincts and leave his lost treasure to the car e of the nuns who take charge of the dead. 

"THE MILLS OF GOD GRIND SLOWLY." Pierre was permitted to see the remains of his affianced bride 
interred in the Convent chapel. Her modest funeral was impressive from the number of sad, sympathizing faces 
which gathered around her grave. The quiet figure of a nun was seen morn and eve, for years and years after, 
kneeling upon the stone slab that covered her grave, laying upon it her daily offer ing of flowers, and if the name 
of Le Gardeur mingled with her prayers, it was but a proof of the unalterable affection of Heloise de Lotbiniere, 
known in religion as Mere St. Croix. The lamp of Repentigny shed its beams henceforth over the grave of the 
last representative of that noble house, where it still shines to commemorate their virtues, and perpetuate the 
memory of their misfortunes; but God has long since compensated them for all. Lady de Tilly was inconsolable 
over the ruin of her fondest hopes. She had regarded Pierre as her son, and intended to make him and Amelie 
joint inheritors with Le Gardeur of her immense wealth. She desired still to bequeath it to Pierre, not only 
because of her great kindness for him, but as a sort of self-imposed am ercement upon her house for the death of 
his father. Pierre refused. "I have more of the world's riches already than I can use," said he; "and I value not 
what I have, since she is gone for whose sake alone I prized them. I shall go abroad to resume my profession of 
arms, not seeking, yet not avoiding an honorable death, which may reunite me to Amelie, and the sooner the 
more welcome." Lady de Tilly sought, by assiduous devotion to the duties of her life and station, distraction