any geologist of note. Some consider it quite possible that the bowlder clays of Southern England and Central 
Germany were deposited during a period of submergence from melting icebergs. Dawkins's "Early Man in 
Britain," 

We have been delving, among the sands of ancient river bottoms for a proof of man's existence in far remote 
times. Slight and unsatisfactory as they may be to some, they are the materials with which we reconstruct a 
wondrous story of life and times removed from us by many a cycle of years. Men have frequently resorted to the 
caverns of the earth for protection. In places we find caves that served this purpose during the Paleolithic Age. 
The men of the Drift, however, do not appear to have used them, save as temporary places of refuge, perhaps as 
a protection from bands of savage enemies, or from unusually inclement weather. But yet most surprising 
results have attended the exploration of caves in England, France, and Belgium. We find in those gloomy places 
that the men of the Drift were not the only tribes of men inhabiting Europe during the Glacial Age. In fact, 
living at later date than the Drift tribes, but still belonging to the Paleolithic Age, were tribes of people who 
appear to have utilized caverns and grottoes as places of permanent resort, and, judging from their remains, 
they had made considerable advance in the arts of living as compared with the tribes of the Drift. But before 
pointing out the grounds upon which these conclusions rest, it may be well to give a slight review of the history 
of cave research. The dread and awe which kept people away from caves during the Middle Ages preserved 
their contents for later discoverers. In the seventeenth century, some adventurous spirits began to search in 
them for what they called Unicorn horns, which were deemed a most efficacious remedy for various diseases. 
This search served the good purpose of bringing to light various fossil bones of animals, and calling the 
attention of scientific men to the same. The cave of Gailenreuth, in Bavaria, was explored by Dr. Goldfuss in 
1810. 

He came to the conclusion that the bones of bears and other extinct animals were proofs of the former presence 
of the animals themselves. Dr. Buckland, a celebrated English writer, visited the cave in 1816, and became 
much interested in the work; so much so that when Kirkdale Cavern, in England, was dis covered in 1821, he at 
once repaired to the spot and made a careful exploration. The results satisfied him that hyenas and other extinct 
animals had once lived in England. He followed up his explorations in a number of cases, and published a work 
on this subject in 1822, which marks the commencement of a new era in cave research. In 1825 Kent's Cavern, 
near Torquay, was discovered, and Rev. J. McEnry made partial explorations in it. He discovered flint 
implements and perceived they might be a proof of the presence of man with these extinct animals. Dr. Buckland 
had not found these relics, or else had passed them by as of no importance, for he refused to entertain the 
theory that man and the extinct animals had been contemporaneous. Explorations made in France in 1827-8 
had furnished such strong evidence on this point that it was deemed established by some s cholars, but being 
opposed to the prevailing belief, nothing came of it. Gailenreuth. In 1829 Schmer ling commenced his 
investigations in the caves of the valley of the Meuse. For years he continued his work under many difficulties. 
Sir Charles Lyell tells us he was let down day after day to the opening of the Engis Cave by a rope tied to a tree. 
Arriving there he crawled on all fours through a narrow passage way to the enlarged chamber, where, standing 
in mud and water, he superintended the investigations. He examined over forty of those caves, and published his 
results in 1833. He clearly showed that man must have been living along with various animals now extinct in 
Belgium. But, as before remarked, it was deem ed sufficient answer to this careful explorer to point out that his 
results wer e opposed to the accepted chronology, and so they were passed by. 

When the time at last came, and their true worth was recognized, Schmerling himself had passed away. We have 
already seen what great results followed the exploration of DePer thes in the river gravels. When it had been 
clearly established that man and extinct animals hid coexisted in Europe, the results of cave explorations were 
eagerly recalled, and governments vied with royal societies and private individuals in continuing the 
researches. The results are that a rich store of facts has been gathered from those gloomy resorts, illustrative of 
the later stages of Paleolithic art. A word as to the formation of caves, grottoes, caverns, and rock shelters. 
These vary greatly in size, som e being so small as to furnish protection to but few individuals; others, especially 
caves, so large that whole tribes might have found a place of resort within their chambers. They are found in all 
limestone countries. The formation of caves is now recognized as due to natural causes acting slowly through 
many years. Limestone rock is very hard and durable, but chemis try teaches us that water charged with 
carbonic acid gas will readily dissolve it. Rain-water falling from the clouds is sure to come in contact with 
masses of decaying vegetable matter, which we know is constantly giving off quantities of this gas. Laden with 
this the water sinks into the ground, and, if it comes in contact with limestone, readily washes some of it away in 
solution. But beds of limestone rock are noted for containing great fissures through which subterranean waters