shall meet with your approval in doing so. One of my sons tells me that on the coast of N. Wales the bare fishing 
hooks often bring up young mussels which have seized hold of the points; but I must make further enquiries on 
this head. 

LETTER 402. TO W.D. CRICK. Down, March 23rd, 1882. I have had a most unfortunate and extraordinary 
accident with your shell. I sent it by post in a strong box to Mr. Gwyn Jeffreys to be named, and heard two days 
afterwards that he had started for Italy. I then wrote to the servant in charge of his house to open the parcel - 
within which was a cover stamped and directed to myself- and return it to me. This servant, I suppose, opened 
the box and dropped the glass tube on a stone floor, and perhaps put his foot on it, for the tube and shell were 
broken into quite small fragments. These were returned to me with no explanation, the box being quite 
uninjured. I suppose you would not care for the fragments to be returned or the Dytiscus; but if you wish for 
them they shall be returned. I am very sorry, but it has not been my fault. It seems to me almost useless to send 
the fragments of the shell to the British Museum to be named, more especially as the umbo has been lost. It is 
many years since I have looked at a fresh-water shell, but I should have said that the shell was Cyclas cornea. - 
402-1. It was Cyclas cornea.- Is Sphaenium corneum a synonym of Cyclas? Perhaps you could tell by looking to 
Mr. G. Jeffreys' book. If so, may we venture to call it so, or shall I put an -?- to the name? As soon as I hear 
from you I will send my letter to "Nature." Do you take in "Nature," or shall I send you a copy? CHAPTER 
2.VIII.--MAN. I. Descent of Man.--II. Sexual Selection.--III. Expression of the Emotions. 2.VIII.I. DESCENT OF 
MAN, 1860-1882. 

LETTER 403. TO C. LYELL. Down, April 27th -1860-. I cannot explain why, but to me it would be an infinite 
satisfaction to believe that mankind will progress to such a pitch that we should -look- back at -ourselves- as 
mere Barbarians. I have received proof-sheets -with a wonderfully nice letter- of very hos tile review by Andrew 
Murray, read before the Royal Society of Edinburgh. -403-1. "On Mr. Darwin's Theory of the Origin of 
Species," by Andrew Murray. "Proc. Roy. Soc., Edinb." Volume IV., pages 274-91, 1862. The review concludes 
with the following sentence: "I have come to be of opinion that Mr. Darwin's theory is unsound, and that I am to 
be spared any collision between my inclination and my convictions" -referring to the writer's belief in Design-.- 
But I am tired with answering it. Indeed I have done nothing the whole day but answer letters. LETTER 404. TO 
L. HORNER. -404-1. The following letter occurs in the "Memoir of Leonard Horner, edited by his daughter 
Katherine M. Lyell," Volume II., page 300 -privately printed, 1890-.- Down, March 20th -1861-. I am very much 
obliged for your Addr ess -404-2. Mr. Horner's Anniversary Address to the Geological Society -"Proc. Geol. 
Soc." XVII., 1861-.- which has interested me much...I thought that I had read up pretty well on the antiquity of 
man; but you bring all the facts so well together in a condensed focus, that the case seems much clearer to me. 
How curious about the Bible! -404-3. At page lxviii. Mr. Horner points out that the "chronology, given in the 
margin of our Bibles," i.e., the statement that the world was created 4004 B.C., is the work of Archbishop 
Usher, and is in no way binding on those who believe in the inspiration of Scripture. Mr. Horner goes on -page 
lxx-: "The retention of the marginal note in question is by no means a matter of indifference; it is untrue, and 
therefore it is mis chievous." It is interesting that Archbishop Sumner and Dr. Dawes, Dean of Hereford, wrote 
with approbation of Mr. Horner's views on Man. The Archbishop says: "I have always considered the first verse 
of Genes is as indicating, rather than denying, a PREADAMITE world" -"Memoir of Leonard Horner, II., page 
303-.- I declare I had fancied that the date was somehow in the Bible. You are coming out in a new light as a 
Biblical critic. I must thank you for some remarks on the "Origin of Species" -404-4. Mr. Horner -page xxxix- 
begins by disclaim ing the qualifications of a competent critic, and confines himself to general remarks on 
the philosophic candour and freedom from dogmatism of the "Origin": he does, however, give an opinion on the 
geological chapters IX. and X. As a general criticism he quotes Mr. Huxley's article in the "Westminster 
Review," which may now be read in "Collected Essays," II., page 22.- -though I suppose it is almost as incorrect 
to do so as to thank a judge for a favourable verdict-: what you have said has pleased me extremely. I am the 
more pleased, as I would rather have been well attacked than have been handled in the namby-pamby, old- 
woman style of the cautious Oxford Professor. -404-5. This no doubt refers to Professor Phillips' "Life on the 
Earth," 1860, a book founded on the author's "Rede Lecture," given before the University of Cambridge. 
Reference to this work will be found in "Life and Letters," II., pages 309, 358, 373.- 

LETTER 405. TO J.D. HOOKER. -405-1. Mr. Wallace was, we believe, the first to treat the evolution of Man in 
any detail from the point of view of Natural Selection, namely, in a paper in the "Anthropological Review and 
Journal of the Anthropological Society," May 1864, page clviii. The deep interest with which Mr. Darwin read 
his copy is graphically recorded in the continuous series of pencil-marks along the margins of the pages. His 
views are fully given in Letter 406. The phrase, "in this case it is too far," refers to Mr. Wallace's habit of