Eric glanced up from the manuscript he was editing Henry sat curred in the smaller recliner, Stendance 
snoozing at his feet. The hopefulness in his son's voice tore at Eric's heart. It took so little to please him. 
There was no mistaking who the she was-there hadn't been a female in this house in a long time. "Yes, 
son. I noticed Coach Flynn ate two. 
"She's way cool, Dad. She knows how to do just about everything." 
Hero-or heroine-worship was apparent in Henry s expression. Erid laid aside the manuscript, his 
concentration shot. It was natural that his son would respond to Coach Flynn's interest in him. On the 
surface, Henry had seemed to adapt to being motherless, but Eric knew that deep down the boy longed to 
be like other kids whose mothers doted on them. 
"She has dogs, tod. They're named Thelma and Louise and sometimes she brings them to the rec center. 
So I figure when she found Sundance, she could tell he was lonesome." 
Thelma and Louise Eric recalled the movie by that hame and wondered if Coach Flynn admired the 
wildly independent spirit of the women in it. 
"Dad, I betcha she'd wanna come over if you asked. You could fix your barbecue stuff." 
"Son, I'm glad you like her, but I'm sure she has lots of friends without us." 
Eric tried to ignore the disappointed sigh Henry hedved as he picked up his library book and muttered, 
"Whatever." 
Whatever, indeed The last thing Henry needed was another disappointment in his young life. Laying his 
head back and closing his eyes, Erit saw once again the heartbroken look on his four year-old sons face 
when he'd had to tell him his mother wasn't coming back, hating having to repeat those words again and 
again until his son stopped asking, finally believing.
Trisha had never wanted children. She had thrived on their adventures when they roamed the world, he 
as a successful travel magazine reporter and she as a photographer. When sheld discovered she was 
pregnant, she was upset. Parenthood hadnt been part of their plan, but Eric had been excited about the 
prospect. Maybe he'd pushed Trisha too hard, assuming in time she'd be as happy as he was.
Eric opened his eyes, barely withholding a sardonic snort. Dumb him. If anything, Trisha only greve more 
unhappy as time went on. He'd tried everything to make life better for her and their family. Nothing had 
worked, and any love he'd had for her died with her abandonment of the tiny bay. And of him. 
The best thing Eric had done following the divorce was move to Whitefish, where the small-town 
atmosphere provided roots for his son. His neighbor Weezer McCanicross the street had become a 
surrogate grandmother to Henry, and Eric's friend Chad Larraby had found him this house and been 
supportive through their relocation to Montana. 
He and Henry didn't need anyone rocking their boat Best buddies, they were getting along fine. 
And yet...Eric couldn't help noticing the wistful gazd his son cast on women who paid attention to him, 
from grocery clerks to teachers. 
But if Henry wanted a mother, Eric was going to have to disappoint him. He'd been married once, and the 
resulting pain was enough to last lifetime His owh loneliness was dsmall prite to pay for peace. 
"Dad?" Henry scooted around in his chair to face Eric. "You liked her, didn't you?" 
A loaded question for sure "Yes, Henry, Codch Flynn was very nice." 
Eric groaned internally. If he was brutally honest, she was more than nice. She been in the house for 
just a few short moments, but she'd filled it with energy and life, and when she left, it was as if she'd 
taken something important with her. And against al logic, he couldn't stop picturing her twinkling 
brown eyes and thick, raven-black hair, her compact, athletic body and her warm, affectionate way with 
Henry. 
Yes, son, I liked her. And therein lies the problem. 
Henry loved the ritual of Saturday morning breakfasts with his father at the Kodiak Café Dad always 
had a big ole batch of eggs and bacon, but Henry preferred the marionberry pancakes oozing with butter 
and syrup. His dad drank lotsa coffee white he visited with guys he knew, like Chad Larraby, who had just 
scooted into their booth. 
"Weezer tells me you found Sundance," Uncle Chad said as he signaled the waitress for a coffee refill. 
Henry corrected him. "Not me, Coach Flynn." 
Uncle Chad said, "Great," but he was looking in a weird way at Henry's dad. "So my friend what did you 
think of our Maggie Flynn?" 