though the former was aware of the curious movements of the stamens, but so little understood the structure of 
the plant that he thought it was probably a dimorphic species. Accordingly, I showed them your drawings and 
gave them a little lecture, and they were per fectly charmed with your account. Hildebrand -678-4. See Letter 
206, Volume I.- has repeated his experiments on potatoes, and so have I, but this summer with no result. 

LETTER 679. TO F. MULLER. Down, Mar ch 14th -1869-. I received some time ago a very interesting letter 
from you with many facts about Oxalis, and about the non-seeding and spreading of one species. I may mention 
that our common O. acetosella varies much in length of pis tils and stamens, so that I at first thought it was 
certainly dimorphic, but proved it by experiment not to be so. Boiseria -679-1. This perhaps refers to Boissiera - 
Ladizabala-.- has after all seeded well with me when crossed by oppos ite form, but very sparingly when self- 
fertilis ed. Your case of Faramea astonishes me. -679-2. See "Forms of Flowers," Edition II., page 129. Faramea 
is placed among the dimorphic species.- Are you sure there is no mistake? The difference in size of flower and 
wonderful difference in size and structure of pollen-grains naturally make me rather sceptical. I never fail to 
admire and to be surprised at the number of points to which you attend. I go on slowly at my next book, and 
though I never am idle, I make but slow progress; for I am often interrupted by being unwell, and my subject of 
sexual s election has grown into a very large one. I have also had to correct a new edition of my "Origin," -679- 
3. The 5th edition.-, and this has taken me six weeks, for science progresses at railroad speed. I cannot tell you 
how rejoiced I am that your book is at last out; for whether it sells largely or not, I am certain it will produce a 
great effect on all capable judges, though these are few in number. P.S.--I have just received your letter of 
January 12th. I am greatly interested by what you say on Eschscholtz ia; I wish your plants had succeeded 
better. It seems pretty clear that the species is much more self-sterile under the climate of Brazil than here, and 
this seems to me an important result. -679-4. See Letter 677.- I have no spare seeds at present, but will send for 
some from the nurseryman, which, though not so good for our purpose, will be worth trying. I can send some of 
my own in the autumn. You could simply cover up separately two or three single plants, and see if they will seed 
without aid,--mine did abundantly. Very many thanks for seeds of Oxalis: how I wish I had more strength and 
time to carry on these exper iments, but when I write in the morning, I have hardly heart to do anything in the 
afternoon. Your grass is most wonderful. You ought to send account to the "Bot. Zeitung." Could you not 
ascertain whether the barbs are sensitive, and how soon they become spiral in the bud? Your bird is, I have no 
doubt, the Molothrus mentioned in my "Journal of Travels," page 52, as representing a North American species, 
both with cuckoo-like habits. I know that seeds from same spike transmitted to a certain extent their proper 
qualities; but as far as I know, no one has hitherto shown how far this holds good, and the fact is very 
interesting. The exper iment would be well worth trying with flowers bear ing different numbers of petals. Your 
explanation agrees beautifully with the hypothesis of pangenesis, and delights me. If you try other ca es, do 
draw up a paper on the subject of inheritance of separate flowers for the "Bot. Zeitung" or some journal. Most 
men, as far as my experience goes, are too ready to publish, but you seem to enjoy making most interesting 
observations and discoveries, and are sadly too slow in publishing. 

LETTER 680. TO F. MULLER. Barmouth, July 18th, 1869. I received your last letter shortly before leaving 
home for this place. Owing to this cause and to having been more unwell than usual I have been very dilatory in 
writing to you. When I las t heard, about six or eight weeks ago, from Mr. Murray, one hundred copies of your 
book had been sold, and I daresay five hundred may now be sold. -680-1. "Facts and Arguments for Darwin," 
1869: see Volume I., Letter 227.- This will quite repay me, if not all the money; for I am sure that your book will 
have got into the hands of a good many men capable of understanding it: indeed, I know that it has. But it is too 
deep for the general public. I sent you two or three reviews--one of which, in the "Athenaeum," was 
unfavourable; but this journal has abused me, and all who think with me, for many years. -680-2. "Athenaeum," 
1869, page 431.- I enclose two more notices, not that they are worth sending: some other brief notices have 
appeared. The case of the Abitulon sterile with some individuals is remarkable -680-3. "Bestaubungsver suche 
an Abutilon-Arten." "Jenaische Zeitschr." VII., 1873, page 22.-: I believe that I had one plant of Reseda odorata 
which was fertile with own pollen, but all that I have tried since were sterile except with pollen from some other 
individual. I planted the seeds of the Abitulon, but I fear that they were crushed in the letter. Your Eschscholtzia 
plants were growing well when I left home, to which place we shall return by the end of this month, and I will 
observe whether they are self-sterile. I sent your curious account of the monstrous Begonia to the Linnean 
Society, and I suppose it will be published in the "Journal." -680-4. "On the Modification of the Stamens in a 
Species of Begonia." "Journ. Linn. Soc." XI., 1871, page 472.- I sent the extract about grafted orange trees to 
the "Gardeners' Chronicle," where it appeared. I have lately drawn up some notes for a French translation of 
my Orchis book: I took out your letters to make an abstract of your numerous discussions, but I found I had not