"So how are things at the shop?" 
Henry was confused. Was his father deaf? Hadn't he heard Uncle Chad's question? 
Chad grinned. "Hey, Eric, buddy, I asked you a question first. 
His dad nodded at Henry, as if saying, "Not now," but Uncle Chad ignored him. 
"Well?" Nobody said anything while the waitress filled Uncle Chad's cap. 
"She seemed very nice," his dad said, sorta under his breath. 
"Nice! Uncle Chaid snorted. She's one great gal. I'll never understand why you wouldn't go on that date
with her I tried to set up." 
Henry choked on bite of pancake. A date? His father? 
His dad glared at Uncle Chad. "I told you. I'm not in the market." 
"Eric, things change. It's been a long time, and--" 
"Drop it, okay?" 
Henry thought about it, and decided he liked the idea of his dad going on a date with Coach Flynn. His 
friend Max had talked about his mom dating and now Max had a new dad. "Dad, it'd be coool if you and 
Coach went on a date. You stay home an awful lot. See, I could stay with Weezer or Uncle Chad, and you 
and Coach could go to dinner and--" 
"Son, ny dating days are over." 
"Maybe they shouldn't be," Henry said as he wriggled out of the booth, seized by an idea. "I'm gonna say 
hello to Weezer." 
He joined the silver-haired Native American woman at the register counter. "Hiya, Weezer. Do you know 
any spells?" 
"Henry Wright, what's going on in that head of yours?" 
"I think my dad should go out with Coach Flynn, but he says he doesn't wanna date. But I'm sure that's 
not true. He's bored a lot and sometimes gets this really sad look on his face. He's old, all right, but he's 
not too old to date, is he?" 
Smiling, Weezer put an arm around his shoulder. "No, son, he's not too old. I think you've got an idea 
there. Maggie Flynn would do your father a world of good. And he, her. But to answer your question...I 
don't cast spells, but I enjoy matchmaking." 
"Matchmaking?" 
"That's when other people try to get a man and a woman together when they believe they'd be a good 
pair." 
"Like Uncle Chad wanting to fix my dad up with Coach?" 
"Exactly. We could all be in cahoots." 
"Cool!" 
"And see who's just come in the door, Henry". 
Henry glanced up. There was Coach Flynn! But she looked different. She had on a sweater and skirt and 
her hair wasn't in a ponytail but hanging down around her face. She was beautiful! 
Weezer turned him toward the booth where his father sat facing the door. "Watch." 
His father's hand paused with a forkful of hash browns midway to his mouth while he stared at Coach. 
Henry did a double take. He thought his dad was blushing. 
Henry grinned to himself. Cahoots. Yeah! 
"Weezer," he whispered, "can I be one of those...whaddya call'em... matchmaker's?" 

Maggie scanned the breakfast crowd, then spotted Lois Jeter, a grade school gym teacher and her friend 
since freshman year in high school waving at her. Intent on joining Lois, she didn't see Henry Wright 
until he breezed fast her, crying out, "Hi, coach. You look pretty," as he climbed into the booth where his 
dad and Chad Larraby were sitting.
Chad stood and gave her a hug. "Hi, gorgeous." Eric Wright extended his hand across the table, but he 
seemed tongue-tied, even boyishly awkward. 
"What's the occasion?" Chad asked indicating her outfit. 
"Lois and I are going to Missoula for a performance at the university. She nodded in her friend's 
direction. "So if you'll excuse me, we need to eat one of Weezer's wonderful breakfasts before we leave." 
"Safe travels," Chad said.