that they could not possibly have been introduced there since the deposition of the containing bed, it would of 
course prove that man was at least as old as the formation itself. But it happens that human remains in beds of 
a previous geological age are very rare. Indeed, human remains in formations of the Pleistocene Age,-43- during 
which we have ample testimony, as we shall see, of the pres ence of man, are very rare. The cases in which there c
an be no doubt can he reckoned on the fingers. The explanation of this state of things is not at all difficult, for 
it is only under very rare circumstances that portions of the bones of animals even larger than man are 
preserved to us in geologicals trata. Vast numbers die and vanish away without leaving a trace behind them for 
every fragmentary bone we recover. In the case of man we must remember that, in previous eras, he was present 
in very small numbers; that, owing to his intelligence, he would not be as liable to be drowned and swept away, 
and so mingle his remains with beds of river detritus then forming, as were animals. Mr. Lyell has made some 
remarks on the draining of the Haar lem Lake by the government of Holland in 1853, which shows that even 
favorable circumstances do not always pres erve remains for future inspection. Though called a lake, this body 
of water was an arm of the sea, covering about forty-five thousand acres. The population which had lived on the 
shores of the lake was between thir ty and forty thousand souls. "There had been many a shipwreck, and many a 
naval fight on those waters, and hundreds of Dutch and Spanish soldiers and sailors had met there with a 
watery grave," yet not a solitary portion of the human skeleton was to be found in its bed.-44- Thus we see that, 
in the majority of cases, we must rely on other evidence than the presence of human bones to prove the existence 
of man in the geological periods of the past. In the case of the Haarlem Lake again, there was found the wreck 
of one or two vessels, and some ancient armor. 

So, had it been a disputed point whether man was a denizen of this planet at the time when the area in question 
was covered by water, it would have been settled beyond a doubt by these relics of his industry, even though 
portions of the human frame itself were entirely wanting. And, in reality, proofs of this nature are just as 
satisfactory as it would be to discover human bones. If, on a desert island, we find arrow-heads, javelins, a 
place where there had been a fire, split bones, and other -i-debr is--i- of a feast, we are as much justified in 
asserting that man had been there, as we would be had we seen him with our own eyes. In the same manner, if
we detect in any strata of the past any undoubted products of human industry such as weapons, or implements 
and ornaments in such position that we know they could not have been deposited there since the formation of 
the bed itself, we have no hesitancy in asserting that man himself is of the same antiquity as the strata 
containing the implements. In the great majority of cases, this is the only kind of evidence possible to advance. 
It is now well known that the first stage in the culture of any people, is what is called the Stone Age. That is to 
say, their weapons and implements were made from stone, or at least the majority of them were. We will discuss 
on another page this point, and also the grounds leading us to infer that many of the extremely rude forms are 
really the work of man. Let us now return to the Miocene Age, in which we are to seek for the presence of man. 
In 1867 a French geologist, by the nam e of Bourgeois, who had been searching some beds of the Miocene Age, 
near Thenay, France, found a number of flints of such a peculiar shape, that he concluded they could only be 
explained by supposing that man formed them. In this case there is to question as to the age of the stratum 
containing the flints. All geologis ts are agreed that it is of the Miocene Age. The question then is, whether the 
flints were artificially cut or not. On this question there has been a great division of opinion, and we can not do 
better than to examine and see where the Principal scientific men stand on this point. In 1872, at the scientific 
congress in Brussels, this question was referred to a committee composed of the most competent men from the 
different countries of Europe. We are sorry to say that, after a thorough consideration of them, the judges were 
unable to agree. Some accepted them, others rejected them, and still others were undecided. Some of the latter 
have since become convinced by recent discoveries. 

-45- Since this dis covery, similar specimens have been described as having been found in Portugal, and from 
another locality in France. Some men of the highest authority accept these flints as proving the presence of man 
in Miocene times. This is supported by such men as Quatrefages, Hamy, Mortillet, and Capellini.-46- These are 
all known to be competent and careful geologists. Another class does not think the evidence strong enough to 
declare these flints of human origin, and so do not think it proved that man lived in Europe in Miocene times; 
but do believe that we will eventually find proofs of his existence during that era in the warm and tropical 
regions of the globe. This is the view of such men as Lubbock, Evans, Huxley, and Winchell. Still others say 
that, during the vast lapse of years since Miocene times, all the species of land mammals then alive have 
perished-47- their place being taken by other species and therefore it is incredible that man, the most highly 
specialized of all animals, should have survived. And hence, if these Thenay flints are really artificial in their 
origin, it is more reasonable to suppose they were cut by one of the higher apes, then living in France, than by