He grinned sheepishly. "Yes, sorry. His eyes lingered on her before he dropped her hand and said, 
"Thanks for bringing Sundance home. By the way, I'm Eric Wright." 

He asked her to stay for coffee, but Maggie remained only long enough to finish her cookie and beat a 
retreat. The invitation had been innocent, but driving home she still felt Eric Wright's presence, like a 
warm blanket, a feeling she couldn't explain and enjoyed far too much. But a man in her life? At this 
point? Not happening.

"I think she liked my cookies, don't you, Dad?" 

Eric glanced up from the manuscript he was editing. Henry sat curled in the smaller recliner, Sundance 
snoozing at his feet. The hopefulness in his son's voice tore at Eric's heart. It took so little to please him. 
There was no mistaking who the she was-there hadn't been a female in this house in a long time. "Yes, 
son. I noticed Coach Flynn ate two." 

"She's was cool, Dad. She knows how to do just about everything." 

Hero-or heroine-worship was apparent in Henry's expression. Eric laid aside the manuscript, his 
concentration shot. It was natural that his son would respond to Coach Flynn's interest in him. On the 
surface, Henry had seemed to adapt to being motherless, but Eric knew that deep down the boy longed to 
be like other kids whose mothers doted on them. 

"She has dogs, too. They're named Thelma and Louise and sometimes she brings them to the rec center. 
So I figure when she found Sundance, she could tell he was lonesome. 

Thelma and Louise? Eric recalled the movie by that name and wondered if Coach Flynn admired the 
wildly independent spirit of the women in it.

"Dad, I betcha she'd wanna come over if you asked. You could fix your barbecue stuff." 

"Son, I'm glad you like her, but I'm sure she has lots of friends without us." 

Eric tried to ignore the disappointed sigh Henry heaved as he picked up his library book and muttered, 
"Whatever." 

Whateper, indeed. The last thing Henry needed was another disappointment in his young life. Laying his 
head back and closing his eyes, Eric saw once again the heartbroken look on his four-year old son's face 
when he'd had to tell him his mother wasn't coming back, hating having to repeat those words again and 
again until his son stopped asking, finally believing. 

Trisha had never wanted Children. She had thrived on their adventures when they roamed the world, he 
as a successful travel magazine reporter and she as a photographer. When she's discovered she was 
pregnant, she was upset. Parenthood hadn't been part of their plan, but Eric had been excited about the 
prospect. Maybe he'd pushed Trisha too hard, assuming in time she'd be as happy as he was. 

Eric opened his eyes, barely withholding a sardonic snort. Dumb him. If anything, Trisha anly grew more 
unhappy as time went on. He'd tried everything to make life better for her and their family. Nothing had 
worked, and any love he'd had for her died with her abandonment of the tiny boy. And of him. 

The best thing Eric had done following the divorce was move to Whitefish, where the small-town 
atmosphere provided roots for his son. His neighbor Weezer McCann across the street had become a 
surrogate grandmother to Henry, and Eric's friend Chad Larraby had found him this house and been 
supportive through their relocation to Montana. 

He and Henry didn't need anyone rocking their boat. Best buddies, they were getting along fine. 

And yet...Evic couldn't help noticing the wistful gaze his son tast on women who paid attention to him, 
from grocery clerks to teachers. 

But if Henry wanted a mother, Eric was going to have to disappoint him. He'd been married once, and the 
resulting pain was enough to last a lifetime. His own loneliness was a small price to pay for peace. 

"Dad?" Henry scooted around in his chair to face Erke. "You liked her, didn't you?" 
 
