marvelled how one cell of the anther could have been transformed into the moveable plate or spoon; and how 
well you show the gradations. But I am surprised that you did not more strongly insist on this point. I shall be 
still more surprised if you do not ultimately come to the same belief with me, as shown by so many beautiful 
contrivances,--that all plants require, from some unknown cause, to be occasionally fertilised by pollen from a 
distinct individual. -PLATE: FRITZ MULLER.- 2.XI.II. CORRESPONDENCE WITH FRITZ MULLER, 1865- 
1881. -671-1. The letters from Darwin to Muller are given as a separate group, instead of in chronological 
sequence with the other botanical letters, as better illustrating the uninterrupted friendship and scientific 
comradeship of the two naturalists.- 

LETTER 671. TO F. MULLER. Down, October 17th -1865-. I received about a for tnight ago your second letter 
on climbing plants, dated Augus t 31st. It has greatly interested me, and it corrects and fills up a great hiatus in 
my paper. As I thought you could not object, I am having your letter copied, and will send the paper to the 
Linnean Society. -671-2. "Notes on some of the Climbing Plants near Desterro" -1865-, "Linn. Soc. Journ." IX., 
1867.- I have slightly modified the arrangement of some parts and altered only a few words, as you write as 
good English as an Englishman. I do not quite understand your account of the arrangement of the leaves of 
Strychnos, and I think you use the word "bracteae" differently to what English authors do; therefore I will get 
Dr. Hooker to look over your paper. I cannot, of course, say whether the Linnean Society will publish your 
paper; but I am sure it ought to do so. As the Society is rather poor, I fear that it will give only a few woodcuts 
from your truly admirable sketches. 

LETTER 672. TO F. MULLER. -672-1. In Darwin's book on Climbing Plants, 1875 -672-2. First given as a 
paper before the Linnean Society, and published in the "Linn. Soc. Journ." Volume IX.,-, he wrote -page 205-: 
"The conclusion is forced on our minds that the capacity of revolving, on which most climbing plants depend, is 
inherent, though undeveloped, in almost every plant in the vegetable Kingdom"--a conclusion which was 
verified in the "Power of Movement in Plants." The present letter is interesting in referring to Fritz Muller's 
observations on the "revolving nutation," or cir cumnutation of Alisma macrophylla and Linum usitatissimum, 
the latter fact having been discovered by F. Muller's daughter Rosa. This was probably the earliest observation 
on the circumnutation of a non-climbing plant, and Muller, in a paper dated 1868, and published in Volume V. 
of the "Jenais che Zeitschrift," page 133, calls attention to its importance in relation to the evolution of the habit 
of climbing. The present letter was probably written in 1865, since it refers to Muller's paper read before the 
Linnean Soc. on December 7th, 1865. If so, the facts on circumnutation must have been communicated to 
Darwin some years before their publication in the "Jenaische Zeitschrift."- Down, December 9th -1865-. I have 
received your interesting letter of October 10th, with its new facts on branch-tendrils. If the Linnean Society 
publishes your paper -672-3. Ibid., 1867, page 344.-, as I am sure it ought to do, I will append a note with some 
of these new facts. I forwarded immediately your MS. to Professor Max Schultze, but I did not read it, for 
German handwriting utterly puzzles me, and I am so weak, I am capable of no exertion. I took the liberty, 
however, of asking him to send me a copy, if separate ones are printed, and I reminded him about the Sponge 
paper. You will have received before this my book on orchids, and I wish I had known that you would have 
preferred the English edition. Should the German edition fail to reach you, I will send an English one. That is a 
curious observation of your daughter about the movement of the apex of the stem of Linum, and would, I think, 
be worth following out. -672-4. F. Muller, "Jenaische Zeitschrift," Bd. V., page 137. H ere, also, are described 
the movements of Alisma.- I suspect many plants move a little, following the sun; but all do not, for I have 
watched some pretty carefully. I can give you no zoological news, for I live the life of the most secluded hermit. 
I occasionally hear from Ernest Hackel, who seems as determined as you are to work out the subject of the 
change of species. You will have seen his curious paper on certain medusae reproducing themselves by seminal 
generation at two periods of growth. -672-5. On April 3rd, 1868, Darwin wrote to F. Muller: "Your diagram of 
the movements of the flower-peduncle of the Alisma is extremely curious. I suppose the movement is of no 
service to the plant, but shows how easily the species might be converted into a climber. Does it bend through 
irritability when rubbed?" 

LETTER 673. TO F. MULLER. Down, September 25th -1866-. I have just received your letter of August 2nd, 
and am, as usual, astonished at the number of interesting points which you observe. It is quite curious how, by 
coincidence, you have been observing the same subjects that have lately interested me. Your case of the Notylia 
is quite new to me -673-1. See F. Muller, "Bot. Zeitung," 1868, page 630; "Fer tilisation of Orchids," Edition II., 
page 171.-; but it seems analogous with that of Acropera, about the sexes of which I blundered greatly in my 
book. I have got an Acropera now in flower, and have no doubt that some insect, with a tuft of hairs on its tail, 
removes by the tuft, the pollinia, and ins erts the little viscid cap and the long pedicel into the narrow stigmatic