which has been so little noticed. I will send you a copy of "Nature" when published. I am glad that I was not in 
too great a hurry in publishing about Lagerstroemia. -689-2. Lagerstraemia was doubtfully placed among the 
heterostyled plants -"Forms of Flowers," page 167-. F. Muller's observations showed that a totally different 
interpretation of the two sizes of stamen is possible. Namely, that one set serves merely to attract pollen- 
collecting bees, who in the act of visiting the flowers transfer the pollen of the longer stamens to other flowers. 
A case of this sort in Heeria, a Melastomad, was described by Muller -"Nature," Augus t 4th, 1881, page 308-, 
and the view was applied to the cases of Lagerstroem ia and Heteranthera at a later date -"Nature," 1883, page 
364-. See Letters 620-30.- I have procured some plants of Melastomaceae, but I fear that they will not flower for 
two years, and I may be in my grave before I can repeat my trials. As far as I can imperfectly judge from my 
observations, the difference in colour of the anthers in this family depends on one s et of anthers being partially 
aborted. I wrote to Kew to get plants with differ ently coloured anthers, but I learnt very little, as describers of 
dried plants do not attend to such points. I have, however, sowed seeds of two kinds, suggested to me as 
probable. I have, therefore, been extremely glad to receive the seeds of Heteranthera reniformis. As far as I can 
make out it is an aquatic plant; and whether I shall succeed in getting it to flower is doubtful. Will you be so 
kind as to send me a postcard telling me in what kind of station it grows. In the course of next autumn or winter, 
I think that I shall put together my notes -if they seem worth publishing- on the use or meaning of "bloom" -689- 
3. See Letters 736-40.-, or the waxy secretion which makes some leaves glaucous. I think that I told you that my 
experiments had led me to suspect that the movement of the leaves of Mimosa, Desmodium and Cassia, when 
shaken and syringed, was to shoot off the drops of water. If you are caught in heavy rain, I should be very much 
obliged if you would keep this notion in your mind, and look to the pos ition of such leaves. You have such 
wonderful powers of observation that your opinion would be more valued by me than that of any other man. I 
have among my notes one letter from you on the subject, but I forget its purport. I hope, also, that you may be 
led to follow up your very ingenious and novel view on the two-coloured anthers or pollen, and observe which 
kind is most gathered by bees. 

LETTER 690. TO F. MULLER. -Patterdale-, June 21s t, 1881. I should be much obliged if you could without 
much trouble send me seeds of any heterostyled herbaceous plants -i.e. a species which would flower soon-, as 
it would be easy work for me to raise some illegitimate seedlings to test their degree of infertility. The plant 
ought not to have very small flowers. I hope that you received the copies of "Nature," with extracts from your 
interesting letters -690-1. "Nature," March 3rd, 1881, Volume XXIII., page 409, contains a letter from C. 
Darwin on "Movements of Plants," with extracts from Fritz Muller's letter. Another letter, "On the Movements 
of Leaves," was published in "Nature," April 28th, 1881, page 603, with notes on leaf-movements sent to 
Darwin by Muller.-, and I was glad to see a notice in "Kosmos" on Phyllanthus. -690-2. "Verirrte Blatter," by
Fritz Muller -"Kosmos," Volume V., page 141, 1881-. In this article an account is given of a species of 
Phyllanthus, a weed in Muller's garden. See Letter 687.- I am writing this note away from my home, but before I 
left I had the satisfaction of seeing Phyllanthus sleeping. Some of the seeds which you so kindly sent me would 
not germinate, or had not then germinated. I received a letter yes terday from Dr. Breitenbach, and he tells me 
that you lost many of your books in the desolating flood from which you suffer ed. Forgive me, but why should 
you not order, through your brother Hermann, books, etc., to the amount of 100 pounds, and I would send a 
cheque to him as soon as I heard the exact amount? This would be no inconvenience to me; on the cont ary, it 
would be an honour and lasting pleasure to me to have aided you in your invaluable scientific work to this small 
and trifling extent. -690-3. See Letter 687, also "Life and Letters," III., page 242.- 

LETTER 691. TO F. MULLER. -691-1. The following extract from a letter to F. Muller shows what was the 
nature of Darwin's interest in the effect of carbonate of ammonia on roots, etc. He was, we think, wrong in 
adhering to the belief that the movements of aggregated masses are of an amoeboid nature. The masses change 
shape, just as clouds do under the moulding action of the wind. In the plant cell the moulding agent is the 
flowing protoplasm, but the masses themselves are passive.- September 10th, 1881. Perhaps you may remember 
that I described in "Insectivorous Plants" a really curious phenomenon, which I called the aggregation of the 
protoplasm in the cells of the tentacles. None of the great German botanists will admit that the moving masses 
are composed of protoplasm, though it is astonishing to me that any one could watch the movement and doubt 
its nature. But these doubts have led me to observe analogous facts, and I hope to succeed in proving my case. 

LETTER 692. TO F. MULLER. Down, November 13th, 1881. I received a few days ago a small box -registered- 
containing dried flower-heads with brown seeds somewhat sculptured on the sides. There was no name, and I 
should be much obliged if some time you would tell me what these seeds are. I have planted them. I sent you 
some time ago my little book on ear thworms, which, though of no importance, has been largely read in England.