Difficulties of the subject Lesson to be learned The pursuit of knowledge Recent Advances Prehis toric past of 
the Old World Of the New Of Mexico and the South The Is les of the Pacific Similar nature of the relics The 
wonders of the present age History of popular Opinion on this subject The teachings of the Bible Nature of 
the evidence of man's antiquity Geology Astronomy Unfolding of life Nature of our inquiry. Who can read the book 
of the past? Who can tell us the story of Creation's morn? It is, not written in history, neither does it live in 
tradition. There is mystery here; but it is hid by the darkness of bygone ages. There is a true history her e, but we 
have not learned well the alphabet used. Here are doubtless wondrous scenes; but our stand-point is removed 
by time so vast, the mist of years is so thick before us, that only the ruder outlines can be determined. The 
delicate tracery, the body of the picture, are hidden from our eye. The question as to the antiquity and primitive 
history of man, is full of interest in proportion as the solution is beset with difficulties. We question the past; but 
only here and there a response is heard. Surely bold is he who would attempt, from the few data at hand, to 
reconstruct the history of times and people so far removed. We quickly become convinced that many centuries, 
and tens of centuries, have rolled aways ince man's first appearance on the earth. We become impressed with 
the fact, "that multitudes of people have moved over the surface of the Earth, and sunk into the night of oblivion, 
without leaving a trace of their existence: without a memorial through which we might have at least learned 
their names."-1- To think of ourselves, is to imagine for our own nation an immortality. We are so great, so 
strong, surely nothing can move us. Let us learn hum ility from the past: and when, here and there, we come 
upon some reminder of a vanished people, trace the proofs of a teeming population in ancient times, and 
recover somewhat of a history, as true and touching as any that poets sing, let us recognize the fact, that nations 
as well as individuals pass away and are forgotten. 

The past guards its secret well. To learn of it we must seek new methods of inquiry. Discouraged by the 
difficulties in the way, many have supposed it hidden from the present by a veil which only thickens as time 
passes. In the remains of prehistoric times they have failed to recognize the pages of history. They saw only 
monuments of ancient skill and perseverance: interesting sketches, not historical por traits. Some writers have 
held that we must give up the story of the past, "whether fact or chronology, doctrine or mythology whether in 
Europe, Asia, Africa, or America at Thebes, or Palenque on Lycian shore, or Salisbury plain lost is lost and 
gone is gone for evermore." Such is the lament of a gifted writer,-2- amongst the first to ponder over the 
mysteries of the past. At the present day, with better means at hand, a more hopeful view is taken. But here a 
caution is necessary; for, in attempting to reconstruct the history of primitive times, such is the interest which it 
inspires, that many allow imagination to usurp the place of research, and write in terms too glowing for 
history.-3- The human mind is sleepless in the pursuit of knowledge. It is ever seeking new fields of conquest. It 
must advance: with it, standing still is the precursor of defeat. If necessary it invents new methods of attack, and 
rests not until it gains its objective point, or demonstrates the hopelessness of its quest. The world needs but be 
informed that on a given point knowledge is dim and uncertain, when there are found earnest minds applying to 
the solution of the mystery all the energies of their natures. All the resources of science are brought to bear; 
every department of knowledge is made to contribute of its store: and soon a mass of facts is established and a 
new science is added to the department of human knowledge. Thus, with our knowledge of prehistoric times, 
what so seemingly vain as to attempt to roll back the flight of time, and learn the condition of primeval man? All 
the light of ancient history makes but little impression on the night of time. By its aid we can but dimly see the 
outlines of the fortieth century back; beyond is gloom soon lost in night. But a few short years ago, men did not 
think it possible to gain further information. With the materials at hand this could not be done. The triumph of 
the intellect was simply delayed, not hopelessly repulsed. Geology was but just beginning to make good its claim 
to a place among the sciences. This unfolded to man the physical history of the world as read from the rocks, 
and deals with times so vast and profound that we speak no longer of years, but of ages. And with the aid of 
Geology grand secrets were wrung from the past, and new light was thrown on the manners and customs of 
primitive man. Thus the foundation for still another science was laid, called Archaeology, or the science of 
Human Antiquities. These two sister sciences are the keys by whose aid we have not only acquired much 
information of a past that seemed a hopeless enigma but, as Columbus on the waste of waters could perceive 
traces of land as yet invisible, so can the present seekers after knowledge trace the signs of a satisfactory 
solution of many of the great questions relating to the origin and history of the vanished races of mankind. In 
whatever land we commence our investigations, we quickly come upon the evidences of an ancient life long 
antedating all historical information. Ancient Egypt has been a fruitful theme for the antiquarians pen. The 
traveler has moralized over the ruins of her past greatness, and many pointed illustrations of national growth 
and decay have been drawn from her history. H ere was the seat of an ancient civilization, which was in the 
zenith of its power many centuries before Christ. The changes that have passed over the earth since that time