care not who blames me to- day, if you do not, Pierre!" "Who can blame you, darling? What you do is ever 
wisest and best in my eyes, except one thing, which I will confess now that you are my own, I cannot account 
for--" "I had hoped, Pierre, there was no exception to your admiration; you are taking off my angel's wings 
already, and leaving me a mere woman!" replied she merrily. "It is a woman I want you to be, darling, a woman 
not faultless, but human as myself, a wife to hold to me and love me despite my faults, not an angel too bright 
and too perfect to be my other self." "Dear Pierre," said she, pressing his arm, "I will be that woman to you, full 
enough of faults to satisfy you. An angel I am not and cannot be, nor wish to be until we go together to the 
spirit-land. I am so glad I have a fault for which you can blame me, if it makes you love me better. Indeed I own 
to many, but what is that one fault, Pierre, which you cannot account for?" "That you should have taken a rough 
soldier like me, Amelie! That one so fair and perfect in all the graces of womanhood, with the world to choose 
from, should have permitted Pierre Philibert to win her loving heart of hearts." Amelie looked at him with a 
fond expression of reproach. "Does that surprise you, Pierre? You rough soldier, you little know, and I will not 
tell you, the way to a woman's heart; but for one blindfolded by so much diffidence to his own merits, you have 
found the way very easily! Was it for loving you that you blamed me? What if I should recall the fault?" added 
she, laughing. Pierre raised her hand to his lips, kissing devotedly the ring he had placed upon her finger. 

"I have no fear of that, Amelie! The wonder to me is that you could think me worthy of the priceless trust of your 
happiness." "And the wonder to me," replied she, "is that your dear heart ever burdened itself with my 
happiness. I am weak in myself, and only strong in my resolution to be all a loving wife should be to you, my 
Pierre! You wonder how you gained my love? Shall I tell you? You never gained it; it was always yours, before 
you formed a thought to win it! You are now m y betrothed, Pierre Philibert, soon to be m y husband; I would not 
exchange my fortune to become the proudest queen that ever sat on the throne of France." Amelie was very 
happy to-day. The half-stolen delight of walking by the side of Pierre Philibert was enhanced by the hope that 
the fatal spell that bound Le Gardeur to the Palace had been broken, and he would yet return home, a new man. 
Le Gardeur had only yesterday, in a moment of recollection of himself and of his sister, addr essed a note to 
Amelie, asking pardon for his recent neglect of home, and promising to come and see them on St. Mar tin's day. 
He had heard of her betrothal to Pierre. It was the gladdest news, he said, that had ever come to him in his life. 
He sent a brother's blessing upon them both, and claimed the privilege of giving away her hand to the noblest 
man in New France, Pierre Philibert. Am elie showed the precious note to Pierre. It only needed that to 
complete their happiness for the day. The one cloud that had overshadowed their joy in their approaching 
nuptials was passing away, and Amelie was prouder in the anticipation that Le Gardeur, restored to himself, 
sober, and in his right mind, was to be present at her wedding and give her away, than if the whole Court of 
France, with thousands of admiring spectators, were to pay her royal honors. 

They sauntered on towards a turn of the stream where a little pool lay embayed like a smooth mirror reflecting 
the grassy bank. Amelie sat down under a tree while Pierre crossed over the brook to gather on the opposite 
side some flowers which had caught her eye. "Tell me which, Amelie!" exclaimed he, "for they are all yours; you 
are Flora's heiress, with right to enter into possession of her whole kingdom!" "The water-lilies, Pierre, those, 
and those, and those; they are to deck the shrine of Notre Dame des Victoires. Aunt has a vow there, and to- 
morrow it must be paid; I too." He looked up at her with eyes of admiration. "A vow! Let me share in its 
payment, Amelie," said he. "You may, but you shall not ask me what it is. There now, do not wet yourself 
further! You have gathered more lilies than we can carry home." "But I have my own thank-offering to make to 
Notre Dame des Victoires, for I think I love God even better for your sake, Amelie." "Fie, Pierre, say not that! 
and yet I know what you mean. I ought to reprove you, but for your penance you shall gather more lilies , for I 
fear you need many prayers and offerings to expiate,--"she hesitated to finish the sentence. "My idolatry, 
Amelie," said he, completing her meaning. "I doubt it is little better, Pierre, if you love me as you say. But you 
shall join in my offering, and that will do for both. Please pull that one bunch of lilies and no more, or Our Lady 
of Victory will judge you harder than I do." Pierre stepped from stone to stone over the gentle brook, gathering 
the golden lilies, while Amelie clasped her hands and silently thanked God for this happy hour of her life. She 
hardly dared trust herself to look at Pierre except by furtive glances of pride and affection; but as his form and 
features were reflected in a shadow of manly beauty in the still pool, she withdrew not her loving gaze from his 
shadow, and leaning forward towards his image, "A thousand times she kissed him in the brook, Across the 
flowers with bashful eyelids down!" Amelie had royally given her love to Pierre Philiber t. She had given it 
without stint or measure, and with a depth and strength of devotion of which more facile natures know nothing. 
Pierre, with his burden of golden lilies, cam e back over the brook and seated himself beside her; his arm 
encircled her, and she held his hand firmly clasped in both of hers. "Amelie," said he, "I believe now in the