none to share them with now! Lover, sister, friends, all were lost and gone! But he went on performing his 
military duties with an iron rigor and punctuality that made men admire, while they feared him. His life was
more mechanical than human. Le Gardeur spared neither himself nor others. He never married, and never 
again looked with kindly eye upon a woman. His heart was proof against every female blandishment. He ended 
his life in solitary s tate and greatness, as Governor of Mahe in India, many years after he had left his native 
Canada. One day, in the year of grace 1777, another council of war was sitting in the great chamber of 
the Castle of St. Louis, under a wonderful change of circumstances. An English governor, Sir Guy Carleton, 
presided over a mixed assemblage of English and Canadian officers. The royal arms and colors of England had 
replaced the emblems and ensigns of France upon the walls of the council-chamber, and the red uniform of her 
army was loyally worn by the old, but still indomitable, La Corne St. Luc, who, with the De Salaberrys, the De 
Beaujeus, Duchesnays, De Gaspes, and others of noblest name and lineage in New France, had come forward 
as loyal subjects of England's Crown to defend Canada against the armies of the English Colonies, now in 
rebellion against the King. "Read that, La Corne," said Sir Guy Car leton, handing him a newspaper just 
received from England. 

"An old friend of yours, if I mistake not, is dead. I met him once in India. A stern, saturnine man he was, but a 
brave and able commander; I am sorry to hear of his death, but I do not wonder at it. He was the most 
melancholy man I ever saw." La Corne took the paper and gave a start of intense emotion as he read an 
obituary notice as follows: "East Indies. Death of the Marquis de Repentigny. The Marquis Le Gardeur de 
Repentigny, general of the army and Governor of Mahe, died last year in that part of India, which he had, by his 
valor and skill, preserved to France. This officer had served in Canada with the reputation of an able and 
gallant soldier." La Corne was deeply agitated; his lips quivered, and tears gathered in the thick gray eyelashes 
that formed so prominent a feature of his rugged but kindly face. He concluded his reading in silence, and 
handed the paper to D e Beaujeu, with the single remark, "Le Gardeur is dead! Poor fellow! He was more 
sinned against than sinning! God pardon him for all the evil he meant not to do! Is it not strange that she who 
was the cursed cause of his ruin still flourishes like the Queen of the Kingdom of Brass? It is hard to justify the
ways of Providence, when wickedness like hers prospers, and virtues like those of the brave old Bourgeois find 
a bloody grave! My poor Amelie, too! poor girl, poor girl!" La Corne St. Luc sat silent a long time, immersed in
melancholy r eflections. The Canadian officers read the paragraph, which revived in their minds also sad 
recollections of the past. They knew that, by her who had been the cursed cause of the ruin of Le Gardeur and of 
the death of the Bourgeois, La Corne referred to the still blooming widow of the Chevalier de Pean,--the leader 
of fashion and gaiety in the capital now, as she had been thirty years before, when she was the celebrated 
Angelique des Meloises. 

Angelique had played desperately her game of life with the juggling fiend of ambition, and had not wholly lost. 
Although the murder of Caroline de St. Castin pressed hard upon her conscience, and s till harder upon her 
fears, no man read in her face the minutest asterisk that pointed to the terrible secret buried in her bosom, nor 
ever discovered it. So long as La Corriveau lived, Angelique never felt safe. But fear was too weak a counsellor 
for her to pretermit either her composure or her pleasures. She redoubled her gaiety and her devotions; and 
that was the extent of her repentance! The dread secret of Beaumanoir was never revealed. It awaited, and 
awaits still, the judgment of the final day of account. Angelique had intrigued and sinned in vain. She feared 
Bigot knew more than he really did, in reference to the death of Caroline, and oft, while laughing in his face, 
she trembled in her heart, when he played and equivocated with her earnest appeals to marry her. Wearied out 
at length with waiting for his decisive yes or no, Angelique, mortified by wounded pr ide and stung by the scorn 
of Le Gardeur on his return to the Colony, suddenly accepted the hand of the Chevalier de Pean, and as a result 
became the recognized mistress of the Intendant,--imitating as far as she was able the splendor and the guilt of 
La Pompadour, and making the Palace of Bigot as corrupt, if not as brilliant, as that of Versailles. Angelique 
lived thenceforth a life of splendid sin. She clothed herself in purple and fine linen, while the noblest ladies of 
the land were reduced by the war to rags and beggary. She fared sumptuously, while men and women died of 
hunger in the streets of Quebec. She bought houses and lands, and filled her coffers with gold out of the public
 treasury, while the brave soldiers of Montcalm starved for the want of their pay. She gave fetes and banquets 
while the English were thundering at the gates of the capital. She foresaw the eventual fall of Bigot and the ruin 
of the country, and resolved that, since she had failed in getting himself, she would make herself possessor of all 
that he had. The fate of Bigot was a warning to public peculators and oppressors. He returned to France soon 
after the surrender of the Colony, with Cadet, Varin, Penisault, and others of the Grand Company, who were 
now useless tools, and were cast as ide by their court friends. The Bastille opened its iron doors to receive the