In the bathroom, she found fresh towels laid out and new toothbrush sitting by the vanity. Showering and
dressing quickly, she hurried into the kitchen, where Eric stood by the counter, extending a cup of coffee to her. 
"Good morning, sleepyhead." 

"What time...?" 

"A little after nine. He turned to the stove and flipped two eggs. Hungry?" 

"Ravenous." She topk a sip of coffee, hot and strong. "Could I help?"

"No way. I'm the chef. Have a seat." 

On the kitchen table were two plaid place mats with matching napkins. Eric brought platter of eggs and bacon 
and a basket of wheat toast. "Enjoy." 

"I'm not used to being waite on," she said, suddenly uncomfortable. She rarely permitted anyone to serve her. 
Growing up, it had always been a question of pride that she and her brothe's had been able to do things for 
themselves. But here, with Eric, it felt strangely good to be taken care of. Some of her anxiety seeped away.

Eric spooned some eggs onto her plate. "Your bear is gone." 

"Really? How do you know?" 

"I've alredy talked with the animal control people. She dumped few trash cans, but ended up stalking into 
the woods early this morning." 

"Thank you for calling. It was thoughtful of you." 

He grinned crookedly. "We aim to please." 

To avoid his eyes, Maggie dug into the breakfast, feeling oddly giddy. "Eric, I don't want to pry, but how has 
Henry been affected by his mother's leaving?" 

"That's a nice way of putting it. I'd call it abandonment." 

Maggie winced. No wonder Eric was gun-shy with women. 

"But to answer your question, he was sad and confused, but too young to be angry, as I was. Now it's more the 
issue that he has avoid in his life that I can't fill. Short and simple, he wants a mother. But since that would 
require me marrying again, we're at an impasse." 

"She hurt you very badly, didn't she?" 

"Yes." He grimaced before moving to the counter to retrieve the coffeepot to refill their cups. 

Maggie knew she was probing, but she pressed on. "Not all women are Trisha." 

Eric sat back down. "I get that, but I don't want to give Henry false hope by dating casually. It will take someone 
special." 

With a jolt, Maggie realized she was open to being that "someone." But sheld defined herself for so long as one 
person, how could he so readily trade that in for the roles of wife and mother, roles she knew nothing about how 
to fill. And yet... Maybe her friends were right, maybe it was time she tried venturing little farther from her 
cave. She toyed with her fork! "Could friends be a place to start?" She looked up to discover him staring at her 
quizzically. 

"Maggie, I, uh-" 

She rose hurriedly. "I'm sorry. That was out of line. I better go." 
'
He stood and placed his hands on her shoulders. "You didn'let me finish what I was going to say." His ocean 
green eyes bored into hers. "Friends is good. But what about you Miss Independence?" 

"I'm a challenge. I'am pretty set in my ways. At least that's what other men have told me. But maybe that's not set 
in stone." 