LETTER 380. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, March 21st -1867-. Many thanks for your pleasant and very amusing 
letter. You have been treated shamefully by Etty and me, but now that I know the facts, the sentence seems to me 
quite clear. Nevertheless, as we have both blundered, it would be well to modify the sentence something as 
follows: "whilst, on the other hand, the plants which are related to those of distant continents, but have no 
affinity with those of the mother continent, are often very common." I forget whether you explain this 
circumstance, but it seems to me very mysterious -380-1. Sir Joseph Hooker wrote -March 23rd, 1867-: "I see 
you 'smell a rat' in the matter of insular plants that are related to thos e of -a- distant continent being common. 
Yes, my beloved friend, let me make a clean breast of it. I only found it out after the lecture was in print!...I have 
been waiting ever since to 'think it out,' and write to you about it, coherently. I thought it best to squeeze it 
in, anyhow or anywhere, rather than leave so curious a fact unnoticed."-...Do always remember that nothing in the 
world gives us so much pleasure as seeing you here whenever you can come. I chuckle over what you say of 
And. Murray, but I must grapple with his book some day. 

LETTER 381. TO C. L YELL. Down, October 31st -1867-. Mr. -J.P. Mansel- Weale sent to me from Natal a 
small packet of dr y locust dung, under 1-2 oz., with the statement that it is believed that they introduce new 
plants into a district. -381-1. See Volume I., Letter 221.- This statement, however, must be very doubtful. From 
this packet seven plants have germinated, belonging to at least two kinds of grasses. There is no error, for I 
dissected some of the seeds out of the middle of the pellets. It deserves notice that locusts ar e sometimes blown 
far out to sea. I caught one 370 miles from Africa, and I have heard of much gr eater distances. You might like to 
hear the following cas e, as it relates to a migratory bird belonging to the most wandering of all orders--viz. the 
woodcock. -381-2. "Origin," Edition VI., page 328.- The tarsus was firmly coated with mud, weighing when dry 
9 grains, and from this the Juncus bufonius, or toad rush, germinated. By the way, the locust case verifies what 
I said in the "Origin," that many possible m eans of distribution would be hereafter discovered. I quite agree 
about the extrem e difficulty of the distribution of land mollusca. You will have seen in the last edition of 
"Origin" -381-3. "Origin," Edition IV., page 429. The reference is to MM. Mar ten's -381-4. For Marten's read 
Martins' -the name is wrongly spelt in the "Origin of Species."-- experiments on seeds "in a box in the actual 
sea."- that my obs ervations on the effects of sea-water have been confirmed. I still suspect that the legs of 
birds which roost on the ground may be an efficient means; but I was interrupted when going to make trials on this 
subject, and have never resumed it. We shall be in London in the middle of latter part of November, when I shall 
much enjoy seeing you. Emma sends her love, and many thanks for Lady Lyell's note. 

LETTER 382. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, Wednesday -1867-. I daresay there is a great deal of truth in your 
remarks on the glacial affair, but weare in a muddle, and shall never agree. I am bigoted to the last inch, and 
will not yield. I cannot think how you can attach so much weight to the physicists, seeing how Hopkins, 
Hennessey, Haughton, and Thomson have enormously disagr eed about the rate of cooling of the crust; 
remembering Herschel's speculations about cold space -382-1. The r eader will find some account of Herschel's 
views in Lyell's "Principles," 1872, Edition XI., Volume I., page 283.-, and bearing in mind all the recent 
speculations on change of axis, I will maintain to the death that your case of Fernando Po and Abyssinia is 
worth ten times more than the belief of a dozen physicists. -382-2. See "Origin," Edition VI., page 337: "Dr. 
Hooker has also lately shown that several of the plants living on the upper par ts of the lofty island of Fernando 
Po and on the neighbouring Cameroon mountains, in the Gulf of Guinea, are closely related to those in the 
mountains of Abyssinia, and likewise to those of temperate Europe." Darwin evidently m eans that such facts as 
these are better evidence of the gigantic periods of time occupied by evolutionary changes than the discordant 
conclusions of the physicists. See "Linn. Soc. Journ." Volume VII., page 180, for Hooker's general conclusions; 
also Hooker and Ball's "Marocco," Appendix F, page 421. For the case of Fernando Po see Hooker -"Linn. Soc. J
ourn." VI., 1861, page 3, where he sums up: "Hence the result of comparing Clarence Peak flora -Fernando 
Po- with that of the African continent is---1- the intimate relationship with Abyssinia, of whos e flora it is a 
member, and from which it is separated by 1800 miles of absolutely unexplored country; -2- the curious 
relationship with the East African islands, which are still farther off; -3- the almost total dissimilarity from the 
Cape flora." For Sir J.D. Hooker's general conclus ions on the Cam eroon plants see "Linn. Soc. Journ." VII., 
page 180. More recently equally striking cases have come to light: for instance, the existence of a 
Mediterranean genus, Adenocarpus, in the Cameroons and on Kilima Njaro, and nowhere else in Africa; and 
the probable migration of South African forms along the highlands from the Natal District to Abysinnia. See
 Hooker, "Linn. Soc. Journ." XIV., 1874, pages 144-5.- Your remarks on my regarding temperate plants and 
disregarding the tropical plants made me at first uncom fortable, but I soon recovered. You say that all botanists 
would agree that many tropical plants could not withstand a somewhat cooler climate. But I have come not to