Her older brothers' childhood chant echoed in Maggie Flynn's memory as she reached the last leg of 
her run and headed toward her office in the Whitefish, Montana, recreation center As the April sun slipped 
beneath the western horizon, she slowed, and with a smile, remembered that Jake, a Navy Seal, and Joe, a 
Border Patrol officer, had never let her off the hook All or nothing-that was their motto Her mother 
had died when Maggie was five, and as the only female in the household, Maggie naturally became the 
quintessential tomboy. Luckily, she liked it that way. 

Her truck sat by itself in the rec center lot. Although her five-mile rur had been invigorating, a hot 
shower and a cup of cocoa sounded appealing right then. 

Nearing her vehicle, she spotted a stray dog that she'd noticed hanging around yesterday. She'd seen him 
from her office window, but by the time she got outside to help him, the dog was gone. But now he was 
back, and she had the chance to help the poor creature. It edged toward her then nudged her knee with
 its nose. She knelt beside the bedraggled golden retriever and stroked its matted fur. On the dog collar 
hanging loosely from his neck, she could just make out an address on the tag. 

"You hungry, fella?" She stood and opened the cab door to her truck. 'Hop in and we'll get you home." 

Maggie was familiar with the address, which was on the same street as her friend Weezer: McCann's 
house. Within minutes she'd pulled up to a modest A-frame set back from the bad among a grove of 
pines and spruces. Wrapping her arm around the dog, she puzzled him and then climbed out, beckoning 
him to follow. No sooner vas he or the groand that he ran ahead of her, tail wagging vigorously. I'Looks 
like you're home buddy." 

| Walking onto the deck, she knocked on the door. From within, she could hear d television announder 
calling a baseball game. She knocked again. Almost immediately the door opened and the dog burst into 
the room, playfully knocking over h sandy-haired boy who engulfed him in a hug. "Sundance! You're 
home." 

When the boy stood up, all astonished grin spread over his face. "Coach Flynn, it's you!" 

Recognizing the boy as one of her after-school program charges, she grinned. "Oh, hi, Henry." Henry 
Wright was a ten-year-old who lived with his divorced father-Henry was small for his age and needed 
lots of encouragement, but he was a good kid. 

"Thanks for bringing Sundance home." He glanced toward the small kitchen. "Hey, I'm making some of 
those slice-and-bake cookies. Come have one. As a thank you, you know." 

His eagerness mede refusal impossible...and she had a soft spot for the kid. "Okay, but just for a minute." 

Passing through the living room, she was struck by the numbers of books and magazines spilling out of 
the bookcase and stacked beside a pair of well-worn recliners. 

Henry led her into the kitchen, where Sundance bolted toward the dog dishes, filled with food and water. 
On the counter were several crisp sugar cookies, "Here's a napkin. Help yourself." He looked 
embarrassed. "Could you, like, wait here a minute? I gotta get my dad." 

Slowly munching on the cookie, Meggie glaced around the room. Spartan, but serviceable. "Dad, Dad, 
c'mon Sundance is back. And you'll never guess who found him. Coach Flynn!" 

A tall, broad-shouldered man came to stand in the doorway dressed in faded jeans and an untucked tan 
chamois shirt, his feet shod in mocasins. Maggie could hardly take him in. Brown curly Hair, a light 
stubble of beard, piercing green eyes framed by laugh wrinkles. Cookie halfway to her mouth and 
uncharacteristically breathless, she admonished herself, Get a grip. He's just another man.... 

Henry's father grinned a Killer grin and crossed the room, hand extended. "You're the Coach Flynn my 
son can't stop talking about? Somehow I had pictured you differently "He clasped her small hand in his, 
warming her to the tips of her toes.

"As a man?" 