note, as it is rather an effort to write. With all good wishes for your continued success in science and for your 
happiness. 

LETTER 575. TO WILLIAM JACKSON HOOKER. Down, Mar ch 12th -1843-. ...When you next write to your 
son, will you please remember me kindly to him and give him my best thanks for his note? I had the pleasure 
yesterday of reading a letter from him to Mr. Lyell of Kinnordy, full of the most interesting details and 
descriptions, and written -if I may be permitted to make such a criticism- in a particularly agreeable style. It 
leads me anxiously to hope, even more than I did before, that he will publish some separate natural history 
journal, and not allow -if it can be avoided- his materials to be merged in another work. I am very glad to hear 
you talk of inducing your son to publish an Antarctic Flora. I have long felt much curios ity for some discussion 
on the general character of the flora of Tierra del Fuego, that part of the globe farthes t removed in latitude 
from us. How interesting will be a strict comparison between the plants of these r egions and of Scotland and 
Shetland. I am sure I may speak on the par t of Prof. Henslow that all m y collection -which gives a fair 
representation of the Alpine flora of Tierra del Fuego and of Southern Patagonia- will be joyfully laid at his 
disposal. 

LETTER 576. TO JOHN LINDLEY. Down, Saturday -April 8th, 1843-. I take the liberty, at the suggestion of Dr. 
Royle, of forwarding to you a few s eeds, which have been found under very s ingular circumstances. They have 
been sent to me by Mr. W. Kemp, of Galashiels, a -partially educated- man, of whose acuteness and accuracy of 
observation, from several communications on geological subjects, I have a VERY HIGH opinion. He found them 
in a layer under twenty-five feet thickness of white sand, which seems to have been deposited on the margins of 
an anciently existing lake. These seeds ar e not known to the provincial botanists of the district. He states that 
some of them germinated in eight days after being planted, and are now alive. Knowing the inter est you took in 
some raspberry seeds, mentioned, I remember, in one of your works, I hope you will not think me troublesome in 
asking you to have these seeds carefully planted, and in begging you so far to oblige me as to take the trouble to 
inform me of the result. Dr. Daubeny has started for Spain, otherwise I would have sent him some. Mr. Kemp is 
anxious to publish an account of his discovery himself, so perhaps you will be so kind as to communicate the 
result to me, and not to any periodical. The chance, though appearing so impossible, of recover ing a plant lost 
to any country if not to the world, appears to me so very interesting, that I hope you will think it worth while to have these s eeds
 planted, and not returned to me. 

LETTER 577. TO C. LYELL. -September, 1843.- An interesting fact has lately, as it were, passed through my 
hands. A Mr. Kemp -almost a working man-, who has written on "parallel roads," and has corresponded with 
me -577-1. In a letter to Henslow, Darwin wrote: "If he -Mr. Kemp- had not shown himself a most careful and 
ingenious observer, I should have thought nothing of the case."-, sent me in the spring some seeds, with an 
account of the spot where they were found, nam ely, in a layer at the bottom of a deep sand pit, near Melrose, 
above the level of the river, and which sand pit he thinks must have been accumulated in a lake, when the whole 
features of the valleys were different, ages ago; since which whole barriers of rock, it appears, must have been 
worn down. These seeds germinated freely, and I sent some to the Horticultural Society, and Lindley writes to 
me that they turn out to be a common Rumex and a species of Atriplex, which neither he nor H enslow -as I have 
since heard- have ever seen, and certainly not a British plant! Does this not look like a vivification of a fossil 
seed? It is not surprising, I think, that seeds should last ten or twenty thousand -years-, as they have lasted two 
or three -thousand years- in the Druidical mounds, and have germinated. When not building, I have been 
working at my volume on the volcanic islands which we visited; it is almost ready for press...I hope you will 
read my volume, for, if you don't, I cannot think of anyone else who will! We have at last got our house and 
place tolerably com fortable, and I am well satisfied with our anchorage for life. What an autumn we have had: 
completely Chilian; here we have had not a drop of rain or a cloudy day for a month. I am pos itively tired of the 
fine weather, and long for the sight of mud almost as much as I did when in Peru. -577-2. The vitality of seeds 
was a subject in which Darwin continued to take an inter est. In July, 1855 -"Life and Letters," II., page 65-, he 
wrote to Hooker: "A man told me the other day of, as I thought, a splendid instance--and splendid it was, for 
according to his evidence the seed came up alive out of the lower part of the London Clay! I disgus ted him by 
telling him that palms ought to have come up." In the "Gardeners' Chronicle," 1855, page 758, appeared a 
notice -half a column in length- by Darwin on the "Vitality of Seeds." 

The facts related r efer to the "Sand-walk" at Down; the wood was planted in 1846 on a piece of pasture land 
laid down as grass in 1840. In 1855, on the soil being dug in several places, Charlock -Brassica sinapistrum- 
sprang up freely. The subject continued to interest him, and we find a note dated July 2nd, 1874, in which 
Darwin recorded that forty-six plants of Charlock sprang up in that year over a space -14 x 7 feet- which had