Maggie was at a loss. The hoy had carried this emptiness around for most of his young life. She hugged 
him to her: "I understand completely. My mother died when I was five. My father and brotllers were great,
but they couldn't take the place of my mom. I miss her still" 

"I didn't know that." A spark flared from the coals and licks of flame began eating at the dry wood. Henry 
stared into the fire. Finally he spoke." I wish you were my mother. You wouldn't leave." 

"Oh, Henry. She hugged the boy to her. "Some things arent that easy." 

Or were they? Maggie took a hard look at all the reasons she'd been holding Henry and Eric at arm's 
length. She'd prided herself on self sufficiency, on not needing anyone. But had that been anything more 
than fear? Fear of risking everything, only to lose? Had her blind insistence on clutching to her 
independence merely served as a smoke screen to avoid taking risks? 

Out of the corner of her eye she sensed movement. Clancing beyond Henry, she saw Eric standing a few 
feet away, swipiny a forearm across his eyes. He caught her gaze, lifted his shoulders in resignation then 
walked off. 

How much had he heard? If Henry' remarks had touched her, how much more must they have ripped 
into Eric? 

What had she gotten herself into? She had lost her heart to both of them. 

Maggie paused in the bike lane, waiting for Eric, who was unfamiliar with their route to Flathead Lake. 
Pulling alongside he drank from his water bottle. 

"Boy, an l out of shape." 

"Winter can do that unless you're d cross-country skier." 

He laughed. "Like vou?" 

She nodded. "Like me." 

"Henry and I ski. We've never tried cross-country, but we're willing to learn." 

"My brothers never let me wimp out of anything-white-water rafting rock climbing, snowboarding. 
You name it." 

"Were you ever afraid?" 

"The danger made it all the more fun." She put her foot on the pedal. C'mon. I can't wait to show you the 
view from our picnic spot."

Over the next rise, the sparkling bite expanse of the take came into view.

When Eric had called to say the Larrabys were taking Henry to Missoula with their kids to see the latest 
3D flick, it had freed them for this Mike ride. It was fun sharing something she loved with Eric, who 
despite his disclaimer, was keeping up with her, even on the hills. 

Shortly before noon they reached the overlook. Across the lake rose the craggy mountains of Glacier 
National Park. The area would soon be overrun with tourists, and tranquility would be compromised. 
Parking their bikes, they plopped their backpacks on the picric table. Maggie took out sandwiches,
veggies and chips while Eric added fruit and granola bars. He bit into an apple. "This view is worth the 
trip." 

"I never tire of it. Dad brought me here when I was a little girl. I've always thought of it as my place." 

"With all the traveling I did before... "he paised, us if shaking off a bad memory...I've never had place 
I considered my own." 

She covered his hand. "I'll share." 

He learned over and kissed her gently.