you ought to publish a paper or book on the habits of the birds which you have so carefully observed. But 
should you do this, I do not think that my giving some of the facts for a special object would much injure the 
novelty of your work. There is such a multitude of points in thes e last letters that I hardly know what to touch 
upon. Thanks about the instinct of nidification, and for your answers on many points. I am glad to hear reports 
about the ferocious female bullfinch. I hope you will have another try in colouring males. I have now finished 
lepidoptera, and have used your facts about caterpillars, and as a caution the case of the yellow-under wings. I 
have now begun on fishes, and by comparing different classes of facts my views are getting a little more 
decided. In about a fortnight or three weeks I shall come to birds, and then I dare say that I shall be extra 
troublesome. I will now enclose a few quer ies for the m ere chance of your being able to answer some of them, 
and I think it will save you trouble if I write them on a s eparate slip, and then you can sometimes answer by a 
mere "no" or "yes." Your last letter on male pigeons and linnets has interested me much, for the precise facts 
which you have given me on display are of the utmost value for my work. I have written to Mr. Bartlett on 
Gallinaceae, but I dare say I shall not get an answer. I had heard before, but am glad to have confirmation 
about the ruffs being the most numerous. I am greatly obliged to your brother for sending out circulars. I have 
not heard from him as yet. 

I want to ask him whether he has ever observed when several male pigeons are courting one female that the 
latter decides with which male she will pair. The story about the black mark on the lambs must be a hoax. The 
inaccuracy of many persons is wonderful. I should like to tell you a story, but it is too long, about beans 
growing on the wrong side of the pod during certain years. Queries: Does any female bird regularly sing? Do 
you know any case of both sexes, more especially of the female, -being- more brightly coloured whilst young 
than when come to maturity and fit to breed? An imaginary instance would be if the female kingfisher -or male- 
became dull coloured when adult. Do you know whether the male and female wild canary bird differ in plumage 
-though I believe I could find this out for myself-, and do any of the domestic breeds differ sexually? Do you 
know any gallinaceous bird in which the female has well developed spurs? It is very odd that my memory should 
fail me, but I cannot rem ember whether, in accordance with your views, the wing of Gallus bankiva -or Game- 
Cock, which is so like the wild- is ornamental when he opens and scrapes it before the female. I fear it is not; 
but though I have often looked at wing of the wild and tame bird, I cannot call to mind the exact colours. What a 
number of points you have attended to; I did not know that you were a hor ticulturist. I have often marvelled at 
the different growth of the flowering and creeping branches of the ivy; but had no idea that they kept their 
character when propagated by cuttings. There is a S. American genus -name forgotten just now- which differs in 
an analogous manner but even greater degree, but it is difficult to cultivate in our hot-hous e. I have tried and 
failed. 

LETTER 445. TO J. JENNER WEIR. Down, May 30th -1868-. I am glad to hear your opinion on the nest- 
making instinct, for I am Tory enough not to like to give up all old beliefs. Wallace's view -445-1. See Letter 
440, etc.- is also opposed to a great mass of analogical facts. The cas es which you m ention of suddenly 
reacquired wildness seem curious. I have also to thank you for a previous valuable letter. With respect to spurs 
on female Gallinaceae, I applied to Mr. Blyth, who has wonderful systematic knowledge, and he tells me that 
the female Pavo muticus and Fire-back pheasants are spurred. From various interruptions I get on very slowly
 with my Bird MS., but have already often and often referred to your volume of letters, and have used various 
facts, and shall use many more. And now I am ashamed to say that I have more questions to ask; but I forget-- 
you told me not to apologise. 1. In your letter of April 14th you mention the case of about twenty birds which 
seemed to listen with much inter est to an excellent piping bullfinch. -445-2. Quoted in the "Descent of Man" - 
1901-, page 564. "A bullfinch which had been taught to pipe a German waltz...when this bird was first 
introduced into a room where other birds were kept and he began to sing, all the others, cons isting of about 
twenty linnets and canaries, ranged themselves on the nearest side of their cages, and listened with the greatest 
interest to the new performer."- What kind of birds were these twenty? 2. Is it true, as often stated, that a bird 
reared by foster-parents, and who has never heard the song of its own species, imitates to a certain extent the 
song of the species which it may be in the habit of hearing? Now for a more troublesome point. I find it very n
ecessary to make out relation of immature plumage to adult plumage, both when the sexes differ and are alike 
in the adult state. Therefor e, I want much to learn about the first plumage -answering, for instance, to the 
speckled state of the robin before it acquires the red breast- of the several varieties of the canary. Can you 
help me? What is the character or colour of the first plumage of bright yellow or mealy canaries which breed true to 
these tints? So with the mottled-brown canaries, for I believe that there ar e breeds which always come brown 
and mottled. Lastly, in the "prize-canaries," which have black wing- and tail-feathers during their first -?-