"You know what? You're not Trisha and I'm not other men. What do you say? Slow, but steady. Shall we 
try?" 

In the shakiness of her knees and the pounding of her heart, she had her answet. "Bring it on, mister." 

And he did, but not with words with the kiss he'd left her longing for last night, a kiss more than worth 
the wait. 

Lost in the comfort of his arms embracing her, his lips on hets, Maggie surfaced only when she heard a 
yip from Sundande. Jumping back, she smoothed her sweater just in time to see Henry coming in the 
front door bearing down on them, dragging his backpack. 

"Uncle Chad gave me a ride home," he said, entering the room. Then He stopped dead in his tracks, 
staring at them. "Dad, what's Coach doing here?" 

"Dad, tell me again about the bear, Henry said as they drove to the baseball field that afternoon. It was way 
cool that you saved Coach." 

Eric gripped the wheel tightly. Henry had been fixated on Maggie and her "sleepover" in his bed ever 
since his return from Chads. "I didn't save anybody son. I just provided a safe place for her to stay." 

"My room kinda smelled like flowers, you know?" 

Eric groaned. Yes he knew the clean, fresh scent of Maggie's hair lingered in his memory...as did the 
sweetness of her lips. They'd agree to take it slow, but he was dangerously close to a serious 
entanglement. 

"The guys at the rec center said Coach is hot. That means pretty, right? Do you think she's hot?" 

"That kind of talk isn't very respectful." 

"Yeah, but, well, do you... think so?" 

Eric could tell his answer was important to his son. Yes, Magie Flynn is an attractive woman." 

The boy relaxed in his seat "Good. Now maybe you'll go on a real date." 

Eric thought he was off the hook as he walked Henry across the field to his team. Wrong. Chad had 
delivered Josh, too, and was hurrying toward him. "Hey, buddy." Beaning, Chad threw an arm across 
Eric's shoulder. "Was that Coach's truck I noticed in front of your house when I brought Henry home?" 

Eric proceeded to relate the bear story. "What was a fellow to do?" he concluded, adopting what he hoped 
was an innocent expression. 

Chad dropped his arm and faced Eric "You're into her." It wasn't a question. 

Eric gazed out across the playing field. He couldn't lie to his best friend. "It's obvious, huh?" 

"You couldn't keep your eyes off het last night. Why are you fighting this?" 

Eric shrugged. 

"Who's in charge of your life, anyway? A woman who turned her back on one of the finest men I know and 
a little boy who needed her?" Chad rocked up on his toes. "Get over it, man. Trisha was then. This is now, 
and you have a big-time chance to get on with your life. You didn't earn a reputation as a first-rate travel 
writer from avoiding danger or unfamiliar territory. What'the worst that could happen." 

Eric considered the question. "Henry could be hurt all over again." 

"So could you. You think love comes without risk? Without hart and disappointment? This isn't a perfect 
world. But it doesn't have to be a lonely one." 

Eric appreciated the concern and affection in Chad'honest words. He wanted to believe them, to believe 
in "happily ever after." And he and Maggie were giving things a chance...just a really slow chance. 

"I gotta go." Chad clapped his shoulder again. Before he walked off, he leaned closer. "Trust yourself, big 
guy. Trust Maggie."