interesting work with glaciers, etc. When will the glacier structure and motion ever be settled! When reading 
Tyndall's paper it seemed to me that movement in the particles must come into play in his own doctrine of 
pressure; for he expressly states that if there be pressure on all sides, there is no lamination. I suppose I cannot 
have understood him, for I should have inferred from this that there must have been movement parallel to 
planes of pressure. -543-1. Prof. Tyndall had published papers "On Glaciers," and "On some Physical 
Properties of Ice" -"Proc. R. Inst." 1854-58- before the date of this letter. In 1856 he wrote a paper entitled 
"Observations on 'The Theory of the Origin of Slaty Cleavage,' by H.C. Sorby." "Phil. Mag." XII., 1856, page 
129.- Sorby read a paper to the Brit. Assoc., and he comes to the conclusion that gneiss, etc., may be 
metamorphosed cleavage or strata; and I think he admits much chemical segregation along the planes of 
division. -543-2. "On the Microscopical Structure of Mica-schist:" "Brit. Ass. Rep." 1856, page 78. See also 
Letters 540-542.- I quite subscribe to this view, and should have been sorry to have been so utterly wrong, as I 
should have been if foliation was identical with stratification. I have been nowhere and seen no one, and really 
have no news of any kind to tell you. I have been working away as usual, floating plants in salt water inter alia, 
and confound them, they all s ink pretty soon, but at very different rates. Working hard at pigeons, etc., etc. By 
the way, I have been as tonished at the differ ences in the skeletons of domestic rabbits. I showed some of the 
points to Waterhouse, and asked him whether he could pretend that they were not as great as between species, 
and he answered, "They are a great deal more." How very odd that no zoologist should ever have thought it 
worth while to look to the real structure of varieties... 2. 

LETTER 544. TO J. CROLL. Down, September 19th, 1868. I hope that you will allow me to thank you for 
sending me your papers in the "Phil. Magazine." -544-1. Croll published several papers in the "Philosophical M
agazine" between 1864 and the date of this letter -1868-.- I have never, I think, in my life been so deeply 
interested by any geological discussion. I now first begin to see what a million means, and I feel quite 
ashamed of myself at the silly way in which I have spoken of millions of years. I was formerly a great believer in the 
power of the sea in denudation, and this was perhaps natural, as most of my geological work was done near 
sea-coasts and on islands. But it is a consolation to me to reflect that as soon as I read Mr. Whitaker's paper - 
544-2. "On Subaerial Denudation," and "On Cliffs and Escarpments of the Chalk and Lower Tertiary Beds," 
"Geol. Mag." Volume IV., page 447, 1867.- on the escarpments of England, and Ramsay -544-3. "Quart. Journ. 
Geol. Soc." Volume XVIII., page 185, 1862. "On the Glacial Origin of certain Lakes in Switzerland, the Black 
Forest, Great Britain, Sweden, North America, and elsewhere.'- and Jukes' papers -544-4. "Quart. Journ. Geol. 
Soc." Volume XVIII., page 378, 1862. "On the Mode of Formation of some River-Valleys in the South of 
Ireland."-, I gave up in my own mind the case; but I never fully realised the truth until reading your papers just 
received. How often I have speculated in vain on the or igin of the valleys in the chalk platform round this place,
but now all is clear. I thank you cordially for having cleared so much mist from before my eyes. 

LETTER 545. TO T. MELLARD READE. Down, February 9th, 1877. I am much obliged for your kind note, and 
the present of your essay. I have read it with great interest, and the results are certainly most surprising. -545- 
1. Presidential Address delivered by T. Mellard Reade before the L iverpool Geological Society -"Proc. 
Liverpool Geol. Soc." Volume III., pt. iii., page 211, 1877-. See also "Examination of a Calculation of the Age of 
the Earth, based upon the hypothesis of the Permanence of O ceans and Continents." "Geol. Mag." Volume X., 
page 309, 1883.- It appears to me almost monstrous that Professor Tait should say that the duration of the 
world has not exceeded ten m illion years. -545-2. "Lecture on Some Recent Advances in Physical Science," by 
P.G. Tait, London, 1876.- The argument which seems the most weighty in favour of the belief that no great 
number of millions of years have elapsed s ince the world was inhabited by living creatures is the rate at which 
the temperature of the crust increases, and I wish that I could see this argument answered. 

LETTER 546. TO J. CROLL. Down, August 9th, 1877. I am much obliged for your essay, which I have read 
with the greates t interest. With respect to the geological part, I have long wished to see the evidence collected on the 
time required for denudation, and you have done it admirably. -546-1. In a paper "On the Tidal Retardation 
Argument for the Age of the Earth" -"Brit. Assoc. Report," 1876, page 88-, Croll reverts to the influence of 
subaerial denudation in alter ing the form of the earth as an objection to the argument from tidal retardation. 
He had previously dealt with this subject in "Climate and Time," Chapter XX., London, 1875.- I wish some one 
would in a like spirit compare the thickness of sedimentary rocks with the quickest es timated rate of deposition 
by a large river, and other such evidence. Your main argument with respect to the sun seems to me very striking. 
My son George desires me to thank you for his copy, and to say how much he has been interested by it. 2.IX.VII. 
GEOLOGICAL ACTION OF EARTHWORMS, 1880-1882. "My whole soul is absorbed with worms just at 
present." -From a letter to Sir W. This tleton-Dyer, November 26th, 1880.-