A cool breeze swept over the field, and Eric turned up his jacket collar He watched behind home plate as 
Henry, much smaller than most of the players, tried manfully to make a clean cut with the bat. He would 
do anything for his son. Henry's adoration of Maggie made things easier in one respect. He wouldn't have 
to worry about his son's approval. 

But what if he pursued the relationship and it didn't work out? With a sharp pang, he realized he wanted 
it to work. Wanted to stop being so cautious. Because, despite all his nationalizations, he was tired of 
being lonely. Being with Moggie had only reinforced that feeling. 

She had filled his home with sunshine and his heart with hope. It was time to man up and fall her for a 
date. With a smile, he mentally answered his friend's earlier question Yes, he was into Maggie Flynn. 
And he thought he could easily feel so much more for her. 

Eric looked out at the snow-capped mountains through a gap in the forest. Still Sunny. It would cool off 
considerably after the sunset, but he and Chad had succeeded with the boys' help-in getting their tent 
pitched and gear stowed, so they should be comfortable. 

In the distance, he spotted Maggie and the rec center staff moving logs to encircle a fire pit. Dressed in 
boots, worn jeans and a green fleede anorak, she personified the tomboy she claimed to be-a headier 
vision for him than any glamorous ball-goer. 

"C'mon Dad. We gotta go help cook." 

They gathered up their contributions to the common pot and joined the others or hotdogs, beans and 
applesauce. After dinner, they all roasted s'mores over the campfire. Now in the dark, flickering flames 
illuminated their faces. 

Henry's mouth was smeared with chocolate and a dab of gopey marshmallow nested on his nose. This is 
the best time I've ever had "he whispered as Eric settled on the log beside him. 

A hush fell over the group when Maggie appeared with a guitar. Henry sighed delightedly "She plays?" 

Eric, too, was surprised when she began to strum then invited the group to join her in singing familiar 
camp songs. He relaxed, listening to her rich, low voice. After several numbers, Maggie left, replaced by a 
young man with a harmonica. Where had she gone? 

Eric didn't have to wait long for an answer. Maggie reappeared with something small cralled in her 
hands. The crowd quieted as she sat down again. The boy next to Henry nudged him. "She tells the best 
stories." 

She opened her hands and showed the boys an arrowhead, explaining what it was and then spinning a 
tale abotit a young warrior who had used one just like it. Along with everybody else, Ericas was 
immediately captivated by her story. Her face, warmed by the fire, was flushed and her eyes were sparks 
in the night. Eric was as entranced as any boy. Watching her this afternoon and now seeing this, it was 
clear she loved her work and loved the kids. He glanced down at Henry, whose expression reflected pure 
adoration. 

Eric could relate. She was a special woman with many talents, and each time he was with her, he found 
himself increasingly drawn to her. 

Later, after settling the boys in their sleeping bags, Eric, wide awake, strolled to the edge of the campsite. 
The fire had died Hown, making the stars more brilliant. He drew a deep breath of the pine-scented air. 

"Not sleepy?" He turned, and there stood Maggie, hands stuffed in the pouch pocket of her anorak. She 
grinned. "Me, neither." 

He pulled her close, cradling her against his shoulder with one arm. You should be. You've worked hard 
to give these guys a great experience." 

"It's not work for me. I love my job." 

"I can tell. That was some story. And the guitar? Where did that come from?"