transference of characters acquired by one sex--namely, that of the male of Bombus possessing the pollen- 
collecting apparatus. Many of your facts about the differences between male and female bees are surprisingly 
parallel with those which occur with birds. The reading your essay has given me great confidence in the efficacy 
of sexual selection, and I wanted some encouragem ent, as extremely few naturalis ts in England seem inclined to 
believe in it. I am, however, glad to find that Prof. Weismann has some faith in this pr inciple. The males of 
Bombus follow one remarkable habit, which I think it would interest you to investigate this com ing summer, and 
no one could do it better than you. -462-2. Mr. Darwin's observations on this curious subject were sent to 
Hermann Muller, and after his death were translated and published in Krause's "Gesammelte kleinere Schriften 
von Charles Darwin," 1887, page 84. The male bees had certain regular lines of flight at Down, as from the end 
of the kitchen garden to the corner of the "sand- walk," and certain regular "buzzing places" where they 
stopped on the wing for a moment or two. Mr. Darwin's children remember vividly the pleasure of helping in the 
investigation of this habit.- I have therefore enclosed a briefly and roughly drawn-up account of this habit. 
Should you succeed in making any observations on this subject, and if you would like to use in any way my MS. 
you are perfectly welcome. I could, should you her eafter wish to make any use of the facts, give them in rather 
fuller detail; but I think that I have given enough. I hope that you may long have health, leisure, and inclination 
to do much more work as excellent as your recent essay. 

LETTER 463. TO F. MULLER. Down, January 30th -1868-. I am very much obliged for your answers, 
though few in number -October 5th-, about expression. I was especially glad to hear about shrugging the shoulders. 
You say that an old negro woman, when expressing astonishment, wonder fully res embled a Cebus when 
astonished; but are you sure that the Cebus opened its mouth? I ask because the Chimpanzee does not open its 
mouth when astonished, or when listening. -463-1. Darwin in the "Expression of the Emotions," adheres to this 
statement as being true of monkeys in general.- Pleas e have the kindness to remember that I am very anxious to 
know whether any monkey, when scr eaming violently, partially or wholly closes its eyes. 

LETTER 464. TO W. BOWMAN. -464-1. The late Sir W. Bowman, the well-known surgeon, supplied a good 
deal of information of value to Darwin in regard to the expression of the emotions. The gorging of the eyes with 
blood during screaming is an important factor in the physiology of weeping, and indirectly in the obliquity of 
the eyebrows--a character istic expression of suffering. See "Expression of the Emotions," pages 160 and 192.- 
Down, March 30th -1868-. I called at your house about three weeks since, and heard that you were away for the 
whole month, which I much regretted, as I wished to have had the pleasure of s eeing you, of asking you a 
question, and of thanking you for your kindness to my son G eorge. You did not quite understand the last note 
which I wrote to you--viz., about Bell's precise s tatement that the conjunctiva of an infant or young child 
becomes gorged with blood when the eyes are forcibly opened during a scream ing fit. -464-2. Sir C. Bell's 
statement in his "Anatomy of Expression" -1844, page 106- is quoted in the "Expression of the Emotions ," page 
158.- I have car efully kept your previous note, in which you spoke doubtfully about Bell's statement. I intended 
in my former note only to express a wish that if, during your professional work, you were led to open the eyelids 
of a screaming child, you would specially observe this point about the eye showing signs of becoming gorged 
with blood, which interests me extremely. Could you ask any one to observe this for me in an eye-dispensary or 
hospital? But I now have to beg you kindly to consider one other question at any time when you have half an 
hour's leisure. When a man coughs violently from choking or retches violently, even when he yawns, and when 
he laughs violently, tears come into the eyes. Now, in all these cases I observe that the orbicularis muscle is 
more or less spasmodically contracted, as also in the crying of a child. So, again, when the muscles of the 
abdomen contract violently in a propelling manner, and the breath is, I think, always held, as during the 
evacuation of a very costive man, and as -I hear- with a woman during severe labour-pains, the orbicularis 
contracts, and tears come into the eyes. Sir J.E. Tennant states that tears roll down the cheeks of elephants 
when scream ing and trumpeting at first being captured; accordingly I went to the Zoological Gardens, and the 
keeper made two elephants trumpet, and when they did this violently the orbicularis was invariably plainly 
contracted. Hence I am led to conclude that there must be some relation between the contraction of this muscle 
and the s ecretion of tears. Can you tell me what this relation is? Does the orbicularis press against, and so 
directly stimulate, the lachrymal gland? As a slight blow on the eye caus es, by reflex action, a copious effusion 
of tears, can the slight spasmodic contraction of the orbicularis act like a blow? This seems hardly possible. 
Does the same nerve which runs to the orbicularis send off fibrils to the lachrymal glands; and if so, when the 
order goes for the muscle to contract, is nervous force sent sympathetically at the same time to the glands? - 
464-3. See "Expression of the Emotions," page 169.- I should be extremely much obliged if you -would- have the 
kindness to give m e your opinion on this point.