"I can't let you in on all my secrets at once. My brothers and even had a garage band for a while." 

He nuzzled her forehead. "I'm looking forward to learning about those secrets." 

"Eric... don't usually do this." 

"What? Have a relationship?" 

"Yes. I don't know why, but it's different with you. I'm different with you." 

"I'm glad." He pulled her into his arms and locked his hands behind her back. "I'll treat you with care." 

"I'm counting on it," she said, reaching her arms around his neck. "I'm a little scared." 

He chuckled. "The intrepid Maggie Flynn, scared?" 

"Yes, but...if you kiss me, I think I'll be all right." 

There ander the stars, he covered her mouth with his own, losing himself in the wonder of her, inhaling 
the smoky scent of her and not even caring that this bond between them was forming so quickly. 

He couldn't wait to discover what their future would hold. 

Mists rolled over the tops of the mountains and the nearby stream gurgled with the spring thaw flow. 
Maggie hugged herself against the dawn cold, thinking abont Eric. After years of being standoffish with 
men, she couldn't believe how important Eric had become to her in such a short time. Whether it was 
because he'd been fired in the crucible of hurt or something altogether different, he seemed sensitive to 
her needs, as if he cared more for her welfare than his own. 

But it was all so new. She'd never felt this way before, and she worried their connection would disappear 
just like the mountain mists as the sun melted them away. 

Walking back to the campsite, she picked up several logs to throw on the coals. In the dim light of early 
morning, she saw a small figure huddled near the fire, a sleeping bag slung over his shoulders. 

She deposited the logs, stirred the fire then approached the boy."Henry? Is that you? You're up early." 

"I couldn't sleep." She sat down beside him."Why is that?" 

He shrugged. 

"Something bothering you?" 

His answer was muffled. "Mother's Day." 

Maggie's heart sank. She waited for him to continue. 

"All these guys got mothers. Mine hated me and I don't know why. What did I do?" 

His voice was raw with pain. Maggie put an arm around his shoulder. "You didn't do anything, Henry. 
You're a very special boy." 

He raised his anguished face to her "Then why didn't she want me?" 

"I wish I could say, Henry. Sometimes adults don't have all the answers. Maybe she didn't so much turn
 away from you and your dad as go toward something else." 

"Herjob," he muttered. 

"I know you want things to be different, but maybe you wouldn't really want them to be." 

"Huh?" 

"Your father is wonderful, and you two seem to have a special bond. Some of the other guys might envy 
you that." 

"Maybe. "He seemed to mull over that idea. "I never thought about that. But I still wish I had a mother." 