schists, so unlike common cleavage laminae, seems the best, or at least one argument against such a suspicion. 
Yet I think it is a point deserving your notice. Have you thought at all over Rogers' Law, as he reiterates it, of 
cleavage being parallel to his axes-planes of elevation? If you know beforehand, will you tell me when your 
paper is read, for the chance of my being able to attend? I very seldom leave home, as I find perfect quietude 
suits my health best. -PLATE: CHARLES DARWIN, Cir. 1854. Maull & Fox, photo. Walker & Cockerell, ph. 
sc.- 

LETTER 540. TO C. LYELL. Down, January 10th, 1855. I received your letter yesterday, but was unable to 
answer it, as I had to go out at once on business of importance. I am very glad that you are reconsidering the 
subject of foliation; I have just read over what I have written on the subject, and admire it very much, and abide 
by it all. -540-1. "Geological Observations on South America," Chapter VI., 1846.- You will not readily believe 
how closely I attended to the subject, and in how many and wide areas I verified my remarks. I see I have put 
pretty strongly the mechanical view of origin; but I might even then, but was afraid, have put my belief stronger. 
Unfortunately I have not D. Sharpe's paper here to look over, but I think his chief points -are- -1- the foliation 
forming great symmetrical curves, and -2- the proof from effects of form of shell -540-2. This refers to the 
distortion of shells in cleaved rocks.- of the mechanical action in cleaved rocks. The gr eat curvature would be, I 
think, a grand discovery of Sharpe's, but I confess there is some want of minuteness in the statement of Sharpe 
which makes me wish to see his facts confirmed. That the foliation and cleavage are parts of curves I am quite 
prepared, from what I have seen, to believe; but the simplicity and grandeur of Sharpe's curves rather stagger 
me. I feel deeply convinced that when -and I and Sharpe have seen several most striking and obvious examples- 
great neighbour ng or alternating regions of true metamorphic schists and clay-slate have their foliations and 
cleavage parallel, there is no way of escaping the conclusion, that the layers of pure quartz, feldspar, mica, 
chlorite, etc., etc., are due not to original deposition, but to segregation; and this is I consider the point which I 
have established. This is very odd, but I suspect that great metamorphic areas are generally derived from the 
metamorphosis of clay-slate, and not from alternating layers of ordinary sedimentary matter. I think you have 
exactly put the chief difficulty in its stronges t light--viz. what would be the result of pure or nearly pure layers of 
very different mineralogical composition being metamorphosed? I believe even such might be converted into an 
ordinary varying mass of metamorphic schists. I am certain of the correctness of my account of patches of 
chlorite schists enclosed in other schist, and of enormous quartzose veins of segregation being absolutely 
continuous and contemporaneous with the folia of quartz, and such, I think, might be the result of the folia 
crossing a true stratum of quartz. I think my description of the wonderful and beautiful laminated volcanic rocks 
at Ascension would be worth your looking at. -540-3. "Geological Observations on S. Amer ica," pages 166, 
167; also "Geological Observations on the Volcanic Islands," Chapter III. -Ascens ion-, 1844.- 

LETTER 541. TO C. LYELL. Down, January 14th -1855-. We were yesterday and the day before house-hunting, 
so I could not answer your letter. I hope we have succeeded in a house, after infinite trouble, but am not sure, in 
York Place, Baker Street. I do not doubt that I either read or heard from Sharpe about the Grampians; 
otherwise from my own old suspicion I should not have inserted the passage in the manual. The laminated rocks 
at Ascension are described at page 54. -541-1. "Volcanic Islands," page 54. "Singular laminated beds 
alternating with and passing into obsidian."- As far as my experience has gone, I should speak only of clay-slate 
being associated with mica-slate, for when near the metamorphic schists I have found stratification so gone that 
I should not dare to speak of them as overlying them. With respect to the difficulty of beds of quar tz and marble, 
this has for years startled m e, and I have longed -since I have felt its force- to have some opportunity of testing 
this point, for without you are sure that the beds of quar tz dip, as well as strike, parallel to the foliation, the 
case is only just like true strata of sandstone included in clay-s late and striking parallel to the cleavage of 
the clay-s late, but of course with different dip -excepting in those rare cases when cleavage and stratification are 
parallel-. Having this difficulty before my eyes, I was much s truck with MacCulloch's statement -page 166 of my 
"S. America"- about marble in the metamorphic series not forming true strata. -FIGURE 6.- Your expectation of 
the metamorphic schists sending veins into neighbouring rocks is quite new to me; but I much doubt whether 
you have any right to assume fluidity from almost any amount of molecular change. 

I have seen in fine volcanic sandstone clear evidence of all the calcareous matter travelling at least 4 1-2 feet in 
distance to concretions on either hand -page 113 of "S. America"- -541-2. "Some of these concretions -flattened 
spherical concretions composed of hard calcareous sands tone, containing a few shells, occurring in a bed of 
sandstone- were 4 feet in diameter, and in a horizontal line 9 feet apart, showing that the calcareous matter 
must have been drawn to the centres of attraction from a distance of four feet and a half on both sides" - 
"Geological Observations on S. America," page 113-.- I have not examined carefully, from not soon enough