Cadet spoke for some minutes after the departure of the dame. They listened to her footsteps as the sound of 
them died away in the distant rooms, wher e one door opened after another as she passed on to the secret 
chamber. "She is now at the door of Caroline!" thought Bigot, as his imagination followed Dame Tremblay on 
her errand. "She is now speaking to her. I know Caroline will make no delay to admit us." Cadet on his side 
was very quiet and careless of aught save to take the girl and get her safely away before daybreak. A few moments of 
heavy silence and expectation passed over them. The howl of a distant watch-dog was heard, and all was again 
still. The low, monotonous ticking of the great clock at the head of the gallery made the silence still more 
oppressive. It seemed to be measuring off eternity, not time. 

The hour, the circumstance, the brooding stillness, waited for a cry of murder to ring through the Chateau, 
waking its sleepers and bidding them come and see the fearful tragedy that lay in the secret chamber. But no cry 
came. Fortunately for Bigot it did not! The discovery of Caroline de St. Cas tin under such circumstances would 
have closed his career in New France, and ruined him forever in the favor of the Court. Dame Tremblay 
returned to her master and Cadet with the information "that the lady was not in her bedchamber, but had gone 
down, as was her wont, in the still hours of the night, to pray in her oratory in the secret chamber, where she 
wished never to be disturbed. "Well, dame," replied Bigot, "you may retire to your own room. I will go down to 
the secret chamber myself. These vigils are killing her, poor girl! If your lady should be missing in the morning, 
remember, dame, that you make no remark of it; she is going away to- night with me and the Sieur Cadet and 
will return soon again; so be discreet and keep your tongue well between your teeth, which, I am glad to 
observe," remarked he with a smile, "are still sound and white as ivory." Bigot wished by such flattery to secure 
her fidelity, and he fully succeeded. The compliment to her teeth was more agreeable than would have been a 
purse of money. It caught the dame with a hook there was no escape from. Dame Tremblay courtesied very low, 
and smiled very broadly to show her really good teeth, of which she was extravagantly vain. She assured the 
Intendant of her perfect discretion and obedience to all his commands. "Trust to me, your Excellency," said she 
with a profound courtesy. "I never deceived a gentleman yet, except the Sieur Tremblay, and he, good man, was 
none! When I was the Charming Josephine, and all the gay gallants of the city used to flatter and spoil me, I 
never deceived one of them, never! I knew that all is vanity in this wor ld, but my eyes and teeth were considered 
very fine in those days, your Excellency." "And are yet, dame. Zounds! Lake Beauport has had nothing to equal 
them since you retired from business as a beauty. But mind my orders, dame! keep quiet and you will please me. 
Good-night, dame!" "Good-night, your Excellency! Good-night, your Honor!" replied she, flushed with gratified 
vanity. She left Bigot vowing to herself that he was the finest gentleman and the bes t judge of a woman in New 
France! The Sieur Cadet she could not like. H e never looked pleasant on a woman, as a gentleman ought to do! 
The dame left them to themselves, and went off tr ippingly in high spirits to her own chamber, where she 
instantly ran to the mirror to look at her teeth, and made faces in the glass like a foolish girl in her teens. Bigot, 
out of a feeling of delicacy not usual with him, bid Cadet wait in the anteroom while he went forward to the 
secret chamber of Caroline. "The sudden presence of a stranger might alarm her," he said. He descended the 
stair and knocked softly at the door, calling in a low tone, 

"Caroline! Caroline!" No answer came. He wonder ed at that, for her quick ear used always to catch the first 
sound of his footsteps while yet afar off. He knocked louder, and called again her name. Alas! he might have 
called forever! That voice would never make her heart flutter again or her eyes brighten at his footstep, that 
sounded sweeter than any music as she waited and watched for him, always ready to meet him at the door. Bigot 
anticipated something wrong, and with a hasty hand pushed open the door of the secret chamber and went in. A 
blaze of light filled his eyes. A white form lay upon the floor. He saw it and he saw nothing else! She lay there 
with her unclosed eyes looking as the dead only look at the living. One hand was pressed to her bosom, the 
other was stretched out, holding the broken stem and a few green leaves of the fatal bouquet which La 
Corriveau had not wholly plucked from her grasp. Bigot stood for a moment stricken dumb and transfixed with 
horror, then sprang forward and knelt over her with a cry of agony. He thought she might have fallen in a 
swoon. He touched her pale forehead, her lips, her hands. He felt her heart, it did not beat; he lifted her head to
 his bosom, it fell like the flower of a lily broken on its stem, and he knew she was dead. H e saw the red streaks 
of blood on her snowy robe, and he knew she was murdered. A long cry like the wail of a man in torture burst 
from him. It woke more than one sleeper in the distant chambers of the Chateau, making them start upon their 
pillows to listen for another cry, but none came. Bigot was a man of iron; he retained s elf-possession enough to 
recollect the danger of rousing the house. He smothered his cries in suffocating sobs, but they reached the ear 
of Cadet, who, foreboding some terrible catastrophe, rushed into the room where the secret door stood open. 
The light glared up the stair. He ran down and saw the Intendant on his knees, holding in his arms the half