In his arms, Maggie felt a peace that had eluded her Eric didn't need to fill the silence with talk; 
and somehow, despite her tomboy ways, he made her feet femimne, desirable. 

After he finished his sandwich and folded up the wrapper, he gesture at the panorama before 
them."Ever climbed any of those mountains?" 

She cocked an eyebrow in mock dismay. "Sir the operative question is which ones haven't climbed." 

He chuckled." I should've known. Are there others on your list?"

"Let's see." She ticked then off on her fingers. "Rainer, Kilimanjaro, Mt. McKinley..." 

His eyes twinkled "Will you stop with Everest?" 

"The sky's the limit." 

He moved closer and circled her with his arm. "Are you that adventurous when it comes to love?" It was 
not an idle question. 

"I used to think I didn't need that kind of adventure. But now I realize it was the one area where I let my 
fear control me. Until you." She cradled his face in her hands "Until you," she whispered, Kissing him with 
all the joy in her liberated heart. All the love. He'd mentioned the word and it felt right. So right. 

They spent another half an hour quietly holding each other before they had to get back. Needing to be at 
home when Henry returned, Eric dropped her at her house after an early dinner at the Kodiak Café, 
where Weezer regarded them with the smugness of a well-fed cat. 

Before taking a shower, Meggie checked her messages, surprised to hear one from a friend in Colorado 
who ran a prestigious outdoor leadership training school there. 

"Hi, Moggie. Guess what? You know how we ve been talking forever about getting you up here? I figured 
out a way to do it one of my staff is moving to Australia, and you'd be the perfect replacement You'll still 
have to apply and everything, but it would mostly just be a formality..."
 
The message went on, but all Maggie could think was: her dream job. The goal she'd been working 
toward since she earned her college degree in outdoor recreation. More money. The opportunity to 
work with some of the best guides and youth leaders in the country. Even her brothers would 
acknowledge she accomplished something remarkable. She should be turning cartwheels, igniting 
fireworks, calling everyone.

Instead, tears gathered in her eyes she would be a fool to turn down such an offer. But it would mean 
leaving Eric and Henry. 

The choice would be her dream job versus another dream - a life with Eric. 

Sunday was a mild May day, warm enough to open windows and let a breeze freshen the house. Eric 
listened as Henry started in again about yesterday's movie. 'You should've seen it, Dad. It was way cool. 
These aliens came right at me. I even ducked once, and-" 

Eric stifled a grin If only the boy could be as enthusiastic about his studies. "Maybe we can rent the video 
when it comes out, but for now, homework's at the top of the list. How're you coming on the book you're 
reading for language arts?" 

Henry hung his head. "It's dumb." 

"I doubt it. Let's see what it is." Eric led his son to his bedroom. It turned out the book wasn't "dumb." The 
problem was that Henry hadn't started, even though he was supposed to have finished five chapters by 
the next day. "Well, buddy, I guess you'll be spending the afternoon in your room until you finish." 

That suited Eric. He'd neglected his writing since Maggie had become his priority. He'd negotiated a new 
deadline with his editor, but the article about the White Motor Company and their red touring buses in 
Glacier Park was far from polished Yet when he sat down as the computer, all he could do was daydream 
about Maggie and the great time he'd had yesterday. 