properly. His mind is so acute and critical that I always expect to hear a torrent of objections to anything 
proposed; but he is so candid that he often comes round in a year or two. I have never thought on the causes 
of the Glacial period, for I feel that the subject is beyond me; but though I hope you will own that I have generally 
been a good and docile pupil to you, yet I must confess that I cannot believe in change of land and water, being 
more than a subsidiary agent. -506-2. In Chapter XI. of the "Origin," Edition V., 1869, page 451, Darwin 
discusses Croll's theory, and is clearly inclined to trust in Croll's conclusion that "whenever the northern 
hemisphere passes through a cold period the temperature of the southern hemisphere is actually raised..." In 
Edition VI., page 336, he expresses his faith even more strongly. Mr. Darwin apparently s ent his MS. on the 
climate question, which was no doubt prepared for a new edition of the "Origin," to Sir Charles. The arrival of 
the MS. is acknowledged in a letter from Lyell on March 10th, 1866 -"Life of Sir Char les Lyell," II., page 408-, 
in which the writer says that he is "more than ever convinced that geographical changes...are the principal and 
not the subsidiary causes."- I have come to this conclusion from reflecting on the geographical distribution of 
the inhabitants of the sea on the opposite sides of our continents and of the inhabitants of the continents 
themselves. 

LETTER 507. TO C. LYELL. Down, September 8th -1866-. Many thanks for the pamphlet, which was returned 
this morning. I was very glad to read it, though chiefly as a psychological cur iosity. I quite follow you in 
thinking Agassiz glacier-mad. -507-1. Agassiz's pamphlet, -"Geology of the Amazons"- is referred to by Lyell in 
a letter written to Bunbur y in September, 1866 -"Life of Sir Char les Lyell," II., page 409-: "Agassiz has written 
an interesting paper on the 'Geology of the Amazons,' but, I regret to say, he has gone wild about glaciers, and 
has actually announced his opinion that the whole of the gr eat valley, down to its mouth in latitude 0 deg., was 
filled by ice..." Agassiz published a paper, "Observations Geologiques faites dans la Vallee de l'Amazone," in 
the "Comptes Rendus," Volum e LXIV., page 1269, 1867. See also a letter addressed to M. Marcou, published in 
the "Bull. Soc. Geol. France," Volume XXIV., page 109, 1866.- His evidence reduces itself to supposed 
moraines, which would be difficult to trace in a forest-clad country; and with respect to boulders, these are not 
said to be angular, and their source cannot be known in a country so imperfectly explored. When I was at Rio, I 
was continually astonished at the depth -sometimes 100 feet- to which the granitic rocks were decomposed in 
situ, and this soft matter would easily give ris e to gr eat alluvial accumulations; I well remember finding it 
difficult to draw a line between the alluvial matter and the softened rock in s itu. What a splendid imagination 
Agassiz has, and how energetic he is! What capital work he would have done, if he had sucked in your 
"Principles" with his mother's milk. It is wonderful that he should have written such wild nonsense about 
the valley of the Amazon; yet not so wonderful when one remembers that he once maintained before the British 
Association that the chalk was all deposited at once. With respect to the insects of Chili, I knew only from Bates 
that the species of Carabus showed no special affinity to northern species; from the great difference of climate 
and vegetation I should not have expected that many ins ects would have shown such affinity. It is more 
remarkable that the birds on the broad and lofty Cordillera of Tropical S. America show no affinity with 
European species. The little power of diffusion with birds has often struck me as a most singular fact--even 
more singular than the great power of diffusion with plants. Remember that we hope to see you in the autumn. 
P.S.--There is a capital paper in the September number of "Annals and Magazine," translated from Pictet and 
Humbert, on Fossil Fish of L ebanon, but you will, I daresay, have received the original. -507-2. "Recent 
Researches on the Fossil Fishes of Mount Lebanon," "Ann. Mag. Nat. Hist." Volume XVIII., page 237, 1866.- It 
is capital in relation to modification of species; I would not wish for more confirmator y facts, though there is no 
direct allusion to the modification of species. Hooker, by the way, gave an admirable lecture at Nottingham; I 
read it in MS., or rather, heard it. I am glad it will be published, for it was capital. -507-3. Sir Joseph Hooker 
delivered a lecture at the Nottingham meeting of the Br itish Association -1866- on "Insular Floras," published 
in the "Gardeners' Chronicle," 1867. See Letters 366-377, etc.- Sunday morning. P.S.--I have just received a 
letter from Asa Gray with the following passage, so that, according to this, I am the chief cause of Agassiz's 
absurd views:-- "Agassiz is back -I have not seen him-, and he went at once down to the National Academy of 
Sciences, from which I sedulously keep away, and, I hear, proved to them that the Glacial period covered the 
whole continent of America with unbroken ice, and closed with a significant gesture and the remark: 'So here is 
the end of the Darwin theory.' How do you like that? "I said last winter that Agassiz was bent on covering the 
whole continent with ice, and that the motive of the discovery he was sure to make was to make sure that there 
should be no coming down of any terres trial life from Tertiary or post-Tertiary period to ours. You cannot deny 
that he has done his work effectually in a truly imperial way."