Her infectious enthusiasm for life was a tonic, particularly after his hermitlike existence in the past few 
years. I'et he still needed to be cautious, for Henry's sake, if nothing else. 

Although Henry seldom talked about it, Eric was aware he'd always felt rejected by his mother. Nothing 
could be worse for Henry than for Eric to get even more serious with Maggie and then have the 
relationship go to pieces. Henry needed stability, not the fear of another disappointment. Although he 
didn't believe that would happen with Maggie, he hadn't thought it would happen with Trisha, either. At 
least not at first.
 
They had been a good team, jetting to exotic places, he painting pictures with words, she with 
photographs. He'l known her career meant a lot to her-his had meant just as much-but he'd thought 
that they could still juggle their careers and a child. But as her career took off, the situation got more 
and more difficult, and Trisha had eventually decided she was hurting Henry more by her transient 
existence than if she wasn't in his life at all. Eric had disagreed, but Trisha had left and never come back. 

Even though they'd had no contact after the divorce he occasionally saw her byline on photos in major 
news magazines. Maybe he should've shown them to Henry, but he'd never been willing to inflict that 
potential pain on the boy. 

Eric refocused on his work and an hour passed. He rose, checked on Henry, who had made it through 
Chapter Three, and went out on the deck to stretch. 

Weezer waved at him when she came home a little after three. What good fortune it had been for him to 
have such a helpful, caring neighbor. 

His thoughts turned once again to Maggie, suddenly realizing that he love of adventure rivaled Trisha's. 
The idea stunned him. Did Maggie also need total freedom? Before, his doubts about their relationship 
had been based on Henry and not wanting to hurt him. But this was a more immediate, personal
concern. Was he stepping back into the same trap? 

What if she, like Trisha, wasn't ready to settle down And another big question+could he give Maggie 
the space and freedom to be the adventurous woman with whom he was falling in love and still have her 
be part of their family the way he wanted her to be? 

This whole relationship wasn't nearly as cut and dried as it had seemed. Yesterday had been ideal but 
he couldn't commit the rest of his life because of one perfect day. 

Confused and frustrated, he found it nearly impossible to work productively when he returned to his 
office. No one had ever touched him the way Maggie did, but he was apparently not nearly the risk-taker 
she was. 

He shook off his demons and finally built up a head of steam on the article, only to be interrupted by a 
knock at the door. 

Irritated by the intrusion, he shoved back his chair, strode to the door and flung it open. 

His stomach imploded when he saw who it was. 

Trisha. 

"Eric, it's been a while." The stylishly dressed woman seemed totally out of place on his rustic porch. 

Flushed with anger, he glared at her. "Trisha, what are you doing here?" 

"It's Mother's Day," she whispered. Then he voice gained strength. "I've come to see my son." 

Henry set down his book. It wasn't so bad after all, but he was hungry He'd sneak into the kitchen and 
grab a handful of graham crackers even though his dad didn't like him snacking between meals. 

He opened his bedroom door quietly and, in stockinged feet, tiptoed into the kitchen. He had just reached 
into the cracker box when his dad went to the front door. 

Henry peeked around the corner. This lady stood there in a kind of safari outfit with a scarf that looked 
like a zebra. She had long blond hair that stuck out in wisps and she wore a chunk of that black goop on 