and diseased would be greater than by allowing them to survive and then to procreate. With regard to your 
third law, I do not know whether you have read an article -I forget when published- by F. Galton, in which he 
proposes certificates of health, etc., for marriage, and that the best should be matched. I have lately been led to 
reflect a little, -for, now that I am growing old, m y work has become -word indecipherable- special- on the 
artificial checks, but doubt greatly whether such would be advantageous to the world at large at present, 
however it may be in the distant future. Suppose that such checks had been in action during the last two or three 
centuries, or even for a shorter time in Britain, what a difference it would have made in the world, when we 
consider America, Australia, New Zealand, and S. Africa! No words can exaggerate the importance, in my 
opinion, of our colonisation for the future history of the world. If it were universally known that the birth of 
children could be prevented, and this were not thought immoral by married persons, would there not be great 
danger of extreme profligacy amongst unmarried women, and might we not become like the "arreoi" societies in 
the Pacific? In the course of a century France will tell us the result in many ways, and we can already see that 
the French nation does not spread or increase much. I am glad that you intend to continue your investigations, 
and I hope ultimately may publish on the subject. 

LETTER 419. TO K. HOCHBERG. Down, January 13th, 1879. I am much obliged for your note and for the 
essay which you have sent me. I am a poor german scholar, and your german is difficult; but I think that I 
understand your meaning, and hope at some future time, when more at leisure, to recur to your essay. As far as 
I can judge, you have made a great advance in many ways in the subject; and I will send your paper to Mr. 
Edmund Gurney -The late Edmund Gurney, author of "The Power of Sound," 1880.-, who has written on and is 
much interested in the origin of the taste for music. In reading your essay, it occurred to me that facility in the 
utterance of prolonged sounds -I do not think that you allude to this point- may possibly come into play in 
rendering them musical; for I have heard it stated that those who vary their voices much, and us e cadences in 
long continued speaking, feel less fatigued than those who speak on the same note. 

LETTER 420. TO G.J. ROMANES. Down, February 5th, 1880. -420-1. Romanes was at work on what ultimately 
came to be a book on animal intelligence. Romanes's reply to this letter is given in his "Life," page 95. The table 
referred to is published as a frontispiece to his "Mental Evolution in Animals," 1885.- As I feared, I cannot be of 
the least us e to you. I could not venture to say anything about babies without reading my Expression book and 
paper on Infants, or about animals without reading the "Descent of Man" and referring to my notes; and it is a 
great wrench to my mind to change from one subject to another. I will, however, hazard one or two remarks. 
Firstly, I should have thought that the word "love" -not sexual passion-, as shown very low in the scale, to 
offspring and apparently to comrades, ought to have come in more prominently in your table than appears to be 
the case. Secondly, if you give any instance of the appreciation of different stimulants by plants, there is a much 
better case than that given by you--namely, that of the glands of Drosera, which can be touched roughly two or 
three times and do not transmit any effect, but do so if pressed by a weight of 1-78000 grain -"Insectivorous 
Plants" 263-. On the other hand, the filament of Dionoea may be quietly loaded with a much greater weight, 
while a touch by a hair causes the lobes to close instantly. This has always seemed to me a marvellous fact. 
Thirdly, I have been accustomed to look at the coming in of the sense of pleasure and pain as one of the most 
important steps in the development of mind, and I should think it ought to be prominent in your table. The sort 
of progress which I have imagined is that a stimulus produced some effect at the point affected, and that the 
effect radiated at first in all directions, and then that certain definite advantageous lines of transmission were 
acquired, inducing definite reaction in certain lines. Such transmission afterwards became associated in some 
unknown way with pleasure or pain. These sensations led at first to all sorts of violent action, such as the 
wriggling of a worm, which was of some use. All the organs of sense would be at the same time excited. 
Afterwards definite lines of action would be found to be the most useful, and so would be practised. But it is of 
no use my giving you m y crude notions. 

LETTER 421. TO S. TOLVER PRESTON. Down, May 22nd, 1880. -421-1. Mr. Preston wrote -May 20th, 1880- 
to the effect that "self-interest as a motive for conduct is a thing to be commended--and it certainly -is- 
I think...the only conceivable rational motive of conduct: and always is the tacitly recognised motive in all 
rational actions." Mr. Preston does not, of course, commend selfishness, which is not true self-interest. There 
seem to be two ways of looking at the case given by Darwin. The man who knows that he is risking his life,-- 
realising that the personal satisfaction that may follow is not worth the r isk--is surely admirable from the 
strength of character that leads him to follow the social instinct against his purely personal inclination. But the 
man who blindly obeys the social instinct is a more useful member of a social community. He will act with 
courage where even the strong man will fail.- Your letter appears to me an interesting and valuable one; but I