A loaded question, for sure. "Yes, Henry, Coach Flynt was very nice." 

Eric groaned internally. If he was brutally honest, she was more than nice. She been in the house for 
just a few short moments, but she'd filled it with energy and life; and when she left, it was as if she'd 
taken something important with her. And against all logic, He couldn't stop picturing her twinkling 
brown eyes and thick, raven-black hair, her compact, athletic body and her warm, affectionate way with 
Henry. 

Yes, son, I liked her. And therein lies the problem. 

Henry loved the ritual of Saturday morning breakfasts with his father at the Kodiak Café. Dad always 
had a big ole batch of eggs and bacon, but Henry preferred the marionberry pancakes oozing with butter 
and syrup. His dad drank lots a coffee while he visited with guys he knew, like Chad Larraby, who had just 
scooted into their booth. 

"Weezer tells me you found Sundance," Uncle Chad said as he signaled the waitress for a coffee refill. 

Henry corrected him. "Not me, Coach Flynn." 

Uncle Chad said, "Great," but he was looking in a weird way at Henry's dad. "So my friend what did you 
think of our Maggie Flynn?" 

"So how are things at the shop?" 

Henry was confused. Was his father deaf? Hadn't he heard Uncle Chad's question? 

Chad grinned. "Hey, Eric, buddy, I asked you a question first." 

His dad nodded at Henry, as if saying, "Not now," but Uncle Chad ignored him. 

"Well?" Nobody said anything while the waitress filled Uncle Chad's cup, 

"She seemed very nice," his dad said, sorta under his breath. 

"Nice?" Uncle Chad snorted. "She's one great gal. I'll never understand why you wouldn't go on that date 
with her I tried to set up." 

Henry choked on a bite of pancake. A date? His father? 

His dad glared at Uncle Chad. "I told you. I'm not in the market." 

"Eric, things change. It's been a long time, and-" 

"Drop it, okay?" 

Henry thought about it, and decided the liked the idea of his dad going on a date with Coach Flyn. His 
friend Max had talked about his mom dating and now Max had a new dad. "Dad, it'd be cobl if you and 
Coach went on a date. You stay home an awful lot. See, I could stay with Weezer or Uncle Chad, and you 
and Coach could go to dinner and-" 

"Son, ny dating days are over." 

"Maybe they shouldn't be, Henry said as he wriggled out of the booth seized by an idea. "I'm gonna say 
hello to Weezer." 

He joined the silver-haired Native American woman at the register counter. "Hiya, Weezes. Do you know 
any spells?" 

"Henry Wright, what's going on in that head of yours?" 

"I think my dad should go out with Coach Fim, but he says he doesn't wenna date. But I'm sure that's 
not true. He's bored a lot and sometimes gets this really sad look on his face. He's old, all right, but he's 
not too old to date, is he?" 

Smiling, Weezer put an arm around his shoulder. "No, son, he's not top old. I think you've got an idea 
there. Maggie Flynn would do your father a world of good. And he, her. But to answer your question...I 
don't cast spells, but I enjoy matchmaking."
