suspected that some periodical astronomical or cosmical cause must be the agent of the incessant oscillations of 
level in the ear th's crust. About a month ago I suggested this to a man well capable of judging, but he could not 
conceive any such agency; he promised, however, to keep it in mind. I wish I had time and strength to write to 
you more fully. I had intended to s end this letter off at once, but on reflection will keep it till I receive the plants. 

LETTER 703. TO H. MULLER. Down, March 14th, 1870. I think you have s et yourself a new, very interesting, 
and difficult line of research. As far as I know, no one has carefully observed the structure of insects in relation 
to flowers, although so many have now attended to the converse relation. -703-1. See Letter 462, also H . 
Muller, "Fertilisation of Flowers," English Translation, page 30, on "The insects which visit flowers." In 
Muller's book references are given to several of his papers on this subject.- As I imagine few or no insects are 
adapted to suck the nectar or gather the pollen of any single family of plants, such striking adaptations can 
hardly, I presume, be expected in insects as in flowers. 

LETTER 704. TO T.H. FARRER -Lord Farrer-. Down, May 28th, 1870. I suppose I must have known that the 
stamens recovered their former position in Berber is -704-1. See Farrer, "Nature," II., 1870, page 164. Lord 
Farrer was before H. Muller in making out the mechanism of the barberry.-, for I formerly tried experiments 
with anaesthetics, but I had forgotten the facts, and I quite agree with you that it is a sound argument that the 
movement is not for self-fertilisation. The N. American barberries -Mahonia- offer a good proof to what an 
extent natural crossing goes on in this genus; for it is now almost impossible in this country to procure a true 
specimen of the two or thr ee forms originally introduced. I hope the seeds of Passiflora will germinate, for the 
turning up of the pendent flower must be full of meaning. -704-2. Darwin had -May 12th, 1870- sent to Farrer 
an extract from a letter from F. Muller, containing a description of a Passiflora visited by humming-birds, in 
which the long flower-stalk cur ls up so that "the flower itself is upright." Another species visited by bees is 
described as having "dependent flowers." In a letter, June 29th, 1870, Mr. Farrer had suggested that P. 
princeps, which he described as having sub-erect flowers, is fitted for humming-birds' visits. In another letter, 
October 13th, 1869, he says that Tacsonia, which has pendent flowers and no corona, is not fertilised by insects 
in English glass-houses, and may be adapted for humming-birds. See "Life and Letters," III., page 279, for 
Farrer's remarks on Tacsonia and Passiflora; also H. Muller's "Fertilisation of Flowers," page 268, for what 
little is known on the subject; also Letter 701 in the pres ent volume.- I am so glad that you are able to occupy 
yourself a little with flowers: I am sure it is most wise in you, for your own sake and children's sakes. Some little 
time ago Delpino wrote to me praising the Swedish book on the fertilisation of plants; as my son George can 
read a little Swedish, I should like to have it back for a time, just to hear a little what it is about, if you would be 
so kind as to return it by book-post. -704-3. Severin Axell, "Om anordningarna for de Fanerogama Vaxternas 
Befruktning," Stockholm, 1869.- I am going steadily on with my experiments on the comparative growth of 
crossed and self-fertilised plants, and am now coming to some very curious anomalies and some interesting 
results. I forget whether I showed you any of them when you were here for a few hours. You ought to see them, 
as they explain at a glance why Nature has taken such extraordinary pains to ensure frequent crosses between 
distinct individuals. If in the course of the summer you should feel any inclination to come her e for a day or 
two, I hope that you will propose to do so, for we should be delighted to see you... 

LETTER 705. TO ASA GRAY. Down, December 7th, 1870. I have been very glad to receive your letter this 
morning. I have for some time been wishing to write to you, but have been half worked to death in correcting my 
uncouth English for m y new book. -705-1. "Descent of Man."- I have been glad to hear of your cases appearing 
like incipient dimorphism. I believe that they are due to mere variability, and have no significance. I found a 
good instance in Nolana prostrata, and experimented on it, but the forms did not differ in fertility. So it was with 
Amsinckia, of which you told me. I have long thought that such variations afforded the basis for the 
development of dimorphism. I was not aware of such cases in Phlox, but have often admired the arrangement of 
the anthers, causing them to be all raked by an inserted proboscis. I am glad also to hear of your curious case 
of variability in ovules, etc. I said that I had been wishing to write to you, and this was about your Drosera, 
which after many fluctuations between life and death, at last made a shoot which I could obs erve. The case is 
rather interesting; but I must first remind you that the filam ent of Dionoea is not sensitive to very light 
prolonged pressure, or to nitrogenous matter, but is exquisitely sensitive to the slightest touch. -705-2. In 
another connection the following refer ence to Dionoea is of some interest: "I am sure I never heard of Curtis's 
observations on Dionoea, nor have I met with anything more than general statements about this plant or about 
Nepenthes catching insects." -From a letter to Sir J.D. Hooker, July 12th, 1860.-- In our Drosera the filaments 
are not sensitive to a slight touch, but are sens itive to prolonged pressure from the smallest object of any 
nature; they are also sensitive to solid or fluid nitrogenous matter. Now in your Drosera the filaments are not