She laid a conciliatory hand on his arm. "Please, just hear me out." 

He shook her off. I can't imagine anything you could say to change my mind. You're the one who left. 
You're the one who never communicated anything except a signature on the divorce papers." Clenching 
his teeth, he bit back an oath. "There's only one criterion to apply in this situation-what is best for 
Henry." 

Trisha folded her arms across her chest and stared at her feet, as if submitting to the bludgeon of his 
words. "I've lived with regret, believe me. I don't explain to you exactly what was going on with me after 
Henry game along. All I know is that I was hurting everyone I thought the best way to stop causing you 
and Henry pain was to leave." 

"Do you want me to thank you? It's been six years, Trisha, and here's a news flash-we have a new life, a 
happy, satisfying one. And it doesn't include you." 

"I was afraid you'd say that." She hesitated then looked him in the eye "Does Henry ask about me?
 Wonder who I am?" 
 
 "Not really. It's pretty hard for anyone to understand, much less a four-year-old boy, how his mother 
 could walk away and reject him. He has to wonder what he did or didn't do to cause it." 
 
 "But it was me, not him. I made some mistakes, but some things have happened since..." She trailed off 
 biting her lip as if struggling for emotional control. "I, uh, was in a relationship up until last year. I had 
 two miscarriages the last resulting in a hysterectomy. I wanted those children, Eric. I can't get them 
 back, but Henry..." 
 
 Steeling himself, Eric said, 'I'm sorty you've had a rough patch, but it's not Henty's responsibility to 
 make it up to you." 
 
"I know that I'm not here to intrude on his life or demand to become part of it. That would be up to 
him...and to you." 

"Then why are you here?" 

To his surprise, her eyes filled. "I need to see for myself. How he's grown, that he's okay, if we could talk 
occasionally." With a forefinger, she wiped away a teardrop Then he expression stiffened. "I'd prefer 
not to resort to legal means." 

A cool gust of wind caused Eric to shudder. The specter of a legal battle overwhelmed him Was it selfish 
to keep Henry's mother from him? Yet what psychological damage might a reunion do to his son? To 
him? Where was the line between what was best for Henry and his own vulnerability as a parent? As a 
man?

"All right, Trisha. I won't keep you from seeing him. But at the very least, I need to prepare Henry. Come 
back this evening around eight." 

"Thank you. I promise not to make this any more difficult than it already is." 

After she left, Erid stood on the porch, frozen with the knowledge that in a few short moments everything 
would change. He prayed he could find the night words to prepare Henry. 

Finally, he went inside and reluctantly made his way to Henry's room Opening the door, He stared in 
disbelief. The boy was gone! 

Eric ran to the living room "Henry where are you?" No answer. 

Back in Henry's room, he noticed the boy's jacket was missing, along with his allowance money. Henry 
must've overheard him and Trisha and run away. 

He bolted from the room, grabbed his car keys and fan from the house, calling the boy's name, dread 
building each time there was no answer. Exhausting the possibilities nearby, he drove slowly down the 
street, searching in vain for a small boy with a big problem. 
