to you!" He strained her to his bosom, and held her fast, as if fearful to let her go. "Her image at that last 
embrace, Ah! little thought he 'twas the last!" Dim twilight crept into the valley. It was time to return home. 
Pierre and Amelie, full of joy in each other, grateful for the happiest day in their lives, hopeful of to-morrow 
and many to- morrows after it, and mercifully blinded to what was really before them, rose from their seat 
under the great spreading elm. They slowly retraced the path through the meadow leading to the bridge, and 
reentered the highway which ran to the city, where Pierre conducted Amelie home. 

THE MARKET-PLACE ON ST. MARTIN'S DAY. The market-place then as now occupied the open square lying 
between the great Cathedral of Ste. Marie and the College of the Jesuits. The latter, a vast edifice, occupied one 
side of the square. Through its wide portal a glimpse was had of the gardens and broad avenues of ancient 
trees, sacred to the meditation and quiet exercises of the reverend fathers, who walked about in pairs, according 
to the rule of their order, which rarely permitted them to go singly. The market-place itself was lively this 
morning with the number of carts and stalls ranged on either side of the bright little rivulet which ran under the 
old elms that intersected the squar e, the trees affording shade and the rivulet drink for man and beast. A 
bustling, loquacious crowd of habitans and citizens, wives and maid-s ervants, were buying, selling, exchanging 
compliments, or complaining of hard times. The marketplace was full, and all were glad at the termination of 
the terrible war, and hopeful of the happy effect of peace in bringing plenty back again to the old market. The 
people bustled up and down, testing their weak purses against their strong desires to fill their baskets with the 
ripe autumnal fruits and the products of field and garden, river and basse cour, which lay temptingly exposed in 
the little carts of the marketmen and women who on ever y side extolled the quality and cheapness of their 
wares. There were apples from the Cote de Beaupre, small in size but impregnated with the flavor of honey; 
pears grown in the old orchards about Ange Gardien, and grapes worthy of Bacchus, from the Isle of Orleans, 
with baskets of the delicious bilberries that cover the wild hills of the north shore from the first wane of summer 
until late in the autumn. The drain of the war had starved out the butchers' stalls, but Indians and hunters took 
their places for the nonce with an abundance of game of all kinds, which had multiplied exceedingly during the 
years that men had taken to killing Bostonnais and English instead of deer and wild turkeys. Fish was in 
especial abundance; the blessing of the old Jesuits still rested on the waters of New France, and the fish 
swarmed metaphorically with money in their mouths. 

There were piles of speckled trout fit to be eaten by popes and kings, taken in the little pure lakes and streams 
tributary to the Montmorency; lordly salmon that swarmed in the tidal weirs along the shores of the St. 
Lawrence, and huge eels, thick as the arm of the fisher who drew them up from their rich river-beds. There were 
sacks of meal ground in the banal mills of the seigniories for the people's bread, but the old tinettes of yellow 
butter, the pride of the good wives of Beauport and Lauzon, were rar ely to be seen, and commanded unheard-of 
prices. The hungry children who used to eat tartines of bread buttered on both sides were now accustomed to 
the cry of their frugal mother as she spread it thin as if it were gold-leaf: "Mes enfants, take care of the butter!" 
The Commissaries of the Army, in other words the agents of the Grand Company, had swept the settlements far 
and near of their herds, and the habitans soon discovered that the exposure for sale in the market of the 
products of the dairy was speedily followed by a visit from the purveyors of the army, and the seizure of their 
remaining cattle. Roots and other esculents of field and garden were more plentiful in the market, among which 
might have been seen the newly introduced potato,--a vegetable long despised in New France, then endured, 
and now beginning to be liked and widely cultivated as a prime article of sustenance. At the upper angle of the 
square stood a lofty cross or Holy Rood, overtopping the low roofs of the shops and booths in its neighborhood. 
About the foot of the cross was a platform of timber raised a few feet from the ground, giving a commanding 
view of the whole market-place. A crowd of habitans were gathered round this platform listening, some with 
exclamations of approval, not unmingled on the part of others with sounds of dissent, to the fervent address of 
one of the Jesuit Fathers from the College, who with crucifix in hand was preaching to the people upon the 
vices and backslidings of the times. Father Glapion, the Superior of the order in New France, a grave, saturnine man, 
and several other fathers in close black cassocks and square caps, stood behind the preacher, watching with 
keen eyes the faces of the auditory as if to dis cover who were for and who were against the sentiments and 
opinions promulgated by the preacher. 

The storm of the great Jansenist controversy, which rent the Church of France from top to bottom, had not 
spared the Colony, where it had early caused trouble; for that controversy grew out of the Gallican liberties of 
the national Church and the right of national participation in its administrations and appointments. The Jesuits 
ever fier cely contested these liberties; they boldly set the tiara above the crown, and strove to subordinate 
all opinions of faith, morals, education, and ecclesiastical government to the infallible judgment of the Pope alone.

