Maggie had spent most of the afternoon reflecting on the Colorado job offer. It should feel like the 
culmination of hard work instead, it seemed anticlimactic There was only one reason for that-Eric 
Wright. Yes, they enjoyed each other's company, but could she throne over a fabulous opportunity for the 
mere possibility that he might care as much for her as she did for him? 

Shortly after supper, she took Thelma and Louise for a long walk; she did her best thinking while 
walking. By the time they were back home and the dogs had curled up in front of the fire, Maggie knew 
what she was going to do even if it might prove to be the riskiest decision she had ever made. 

Jobs were plentiful, but there was only one Eric. 

She was just about to put the dogs out for their pre-bedtime romp when she heard a tentative knock at 
the door. It was after nine. Alarmed, she looked through the peep hole. Henry? 

Quickly she let him in. His face was raw from the cold and his hands were blocks of ice. "Henry, you're 
freezing." She pulled a chair closer to the fire. "Sit here and I'll get you some hot cocoa." 

Nuking the drink, she wondered what he was doing here—but before any questions could be asked, she 
needed to warm him up. 

He reached gratefully for the mug wrapping his hands around it. "I it okay 1 fame?" Before she could 
answer, he went on. "I didn't know where else to go." 

"You're always welcome here." He didn't seem to want to meet her eyes. She waited while he sipped the 
cocoa. "Henry, has something happened? Does your father know where you are?" 

"Don't call him. His pleading look worried her. "I ran away." 

The enormity of his act stunned her. "Henry?" she doaxed, tell me about it." 

His eyes glittered in the firelight. It's her. She's come." 

Mystified, Maggle prompted him. 'Who?" 

He spat out the words "My mother." He struggled for breath. "I hate her. She's not really my mother 
because if she was, she wouldn't have gone away. I don't want her here. I don't want to see her and-" 

Maggie stopped him with a "Shh" before he got more worked up. She took the mug from him and led him 
to the sofa, where she wrapped the two of them in a fleece throw. With her arm around him, she auddled
him close, sensing his rage and hurt. She knew she had to phone Eric but right now Henry was her 
priorty. "Would it be so bad to see her?". 

"Why should I? She might make me leave with her." 

"No, she can't do that. Your father has legal custody. "She hesitated, searching for words "Aren't you 
the tiniest bit curious about her?" 

"No. She doesn't like me." 

"You don't know that." She ran her fingers soothingly through his hair. "Adults can do dumb things. 

Things they regret, and sometimes things they can't change. Even as she uttered this consolation, 
Maggie struggled with her anger at the woman who had just appeared out of the blue and shattered 
Henrl's world. 

"My dad doesn't like her, either." 

"But he loves you. Your father must be very worried right now." 

By way of answer, Henry kicked the coffee table. 

"You know, the longer vou put this off, the harder it will be it takes d pretty grown-up guy to face risky 
situations. But your dad will be there, and you can trust him to help. 

"And you'll be there, too, right?"