also had his heart saddened by a long, long day of darkness and regret." "Yes, dame, but a bright sunset, I trust, 
awaits it now. 

The descending shadow of the dial goes back a pace on the fortunes of my house! I hope to welcome my few 
remaining years with a gayer aspect and a lighter heart than I have felt since we were driven from France. 
What would you say to see us all reunited once more in our old Norman home?" The dame gave a great start, 
and clasped her thin hands. "What would I say, master? Oh, to return to France, and be buried in the green 
valley of the Cote d'Or by the side of him, were next to rising in the resurrection of the just at the last day." The 
Bourgeois knew well whom she meant by "him." He reverenced her feeling, but continued the topic of a return
to France. "Well, dame, I will do for Pierre what I would not do for myself. I shall repurchase the old chateau, 
and use every influence at my command to prevail on the King to restore to Pierre the honors of his ancestors. 
Will not that be a glorious end to the career of the Bourgeois Philibert?" "Yes, master, but it may not end there 
for you. I hear from my quiet window many things spoken in the street below. Men love you so, and need you so, 
that they will not spare any supplication to bid you stay in the Colony; and you will stay and die where you have 
lived so many years, under the shadow of the Golden Dog. Some m en hate you, too, because you love justice 
and stand up for the right. I have a request to make, dear master." "What is that, dame?" asked he kindly, 
prepared to grant any request of hers. "Do not go to the market to-morrow," replied she earnestly. The 
Bourgeois glanced sharply at the dame, who continued to ply her needles. Her eyes were half closed in a semi- 
trance, their lids trembling with nervous excitement. 

One of her moods, rare of late, was upon her, and she continued: "Oh, my dear master! you will never go to 
France; but Pierre shall inherit the honors of the house of Philibert!" The Bourgeois looked up contentedly. He 
respected, without putting entire faith in Dame Rochelle's inspirations. "I shall be resigned," he said, "not to see 
France again, if the King's Majesty makes it a condition that he r estore to Pierre the dignity, while I give him 
back the domain of his fathers." Dame Rochelle clasped her hands hard together and sighed. She spake not, but 
her lips moved in prayer as if deprecating some danger, or combating some presentiment of evil. The Bourgeois 
watched her narrowly. Her moods of devout contemplation sometimes perplexed his clear worldly wisdom. He 
could scarcely believe that her intuitions wer e other than the natural result of a wonder fully sensitive and 
apprehensive nature; s till, in his experience he had found that her fancies, if not supernatural, were not 
unworthy of regard as the sublimation of reason by intellectual processes of which the possessor was 
unconscious. "You again see trouble in store for me, dame," said he smiling; "but a mer chant of New France 
setting at defiance the decrees of the Royal Intendant, an exile s eeking from the King the restoration of the 
lordship of Philibert, may well have trouble on his hands." 

"Yes, master, but as yet I only see trouble like a misty cloud which as yet has neither form nor color of its own, 
but only reflects red rays as of a setting sun. No voice from its midst tells me its meaning; I thank God for that. I 
like not to anticipate evil that may not be averted!" "Whom does it touch, Pierre or Amelie, me, or all of us?" 
asked the Bourgeois. "All of us, master? How could any misfortune do other than concern us all? What it 
means, I know not. It is now like the wheel seen by the Prophet, full of eyes within and without, like God's 
providence looking for his elect." "And finding them?" "Not yet, master, but ere long,--finding all ere long," 
replied she in a dream y manner. "But go not to the market to-morrow." "These are strange fancies of yours, 
Dame Rochelle. Why caution me against the market to-morrow? It is the day of St. Martin; the poor will expect 
me; if I go not, many will return empty away." "They are not wholly fancies, master. Two gentlemen of the 
Palace passed to-day, and looking up at the tablet, one wagered the other on the battle to-morrow between 
Cerberus and the Golden Dog. I have not forgotten wholly my early lessons in classical lore," added the dame. 
"Nor I, dame. I comprehend the allusion, but it will not keep me from the market! I will be watchful, however, 
for I know that the malice of my enemies is at this time greater than ever before." "Let Pierre go with you, and 
you will be safe," said the dame half imploringly. The Bourgeois laughed at the suggestion and began good- 
humoredly to rally her on her curious gift and on the inconvenience of having a prophetess in his house to 
anticipate the evil day. Dame Rochelle would not say more. She knew that to express her fears more distinctly 
would only harden the resolution of the Bourgeois. His natural courage would make him court the special 
danger he ought to avoid. "Master," said she, suddenly casting her eyes in the street, "there rides past one of the 
gentlemen who wagered on the battle between Cerberus and the Golden Dog." The Bourgeois had sufficient 
curiosity to look out. He recognized the Chevalier de Pean, and tranquilly resumed his seat with the remark that 
"that was truly one of the heads of Cerberus which guards the Friponne, a fellow who wore the collar of the 
Intendant and was worthy of it.