curiosity was greatly excited, and she now suspected there was more in this visit than she had been told. 
Angelique invited La Corriveau to remove her cloak and broad hat. 

Seating her in her own luxurious chair, she sat down beside her, and began the conversation with the usual 
platitudes and commonplaces of the time, dwelling longer upon them than need was, as if she hesitated or 
feared to bring up the real subject of this midnight conference. "My Lady is fair to look on. All women will 
admit that; all men swear to it!" said La Corriveau, in a harsh voice that grated ominously, like the door of hell 
which she was opening with this commencement of her business. Angelique replied only with a smile. A 
compliment from La Corriveau even was not wasted upon her; but just now she was on the brink of an abyss of 
explanation, looking down into the dark pit, resolved, yet hesitating to make the plunge. "No witch or witchery 
but your own charms is needed, Mademoiselle," continued La Corriveau, falling into the tone of flattery she 
often used towards her dupes, "to make what fortune you will in this world; what pearl ever fished out of the sea 
could add a grace to this wondrous hair of yours? Permit m e to touch it, Mademoiselle!" 

La Corriveau took hold of a thick tress, and held it up to the light of the lamp, where it shone like gold. 
Angelique shrank back as from the touch of fire. She withdrew her hair with a jerk from the hand of La 
Corriveau. A shudder passed through her from head to foot. It was the last parting effort of her good genius to 
save her. "Do not touch it!" said she quickly; "I have set my life and soul on a desperate venture, but my hair--I 
have devoted it to our Lady of St. Foye; it is hers, not mine! Do not touch it, Dame Dodier." Angelique was 
thinking of a vow she had once made before the shrine of the little church of Lorette. "My hair is the one thing 
belonging to me that I will keep pur e," continued she; "so do not be angry with me," she added, apologetically. 
"I am not angry," replied La Corriveau, with a sneer. "I am used to strange humors in people who ask my aid; 
they always fall out with themselves before they fall in with La Corriveau." "Do you know why I have sent for 
you at this hour, good Dame Dodier?" asked Angelique, abruptly. "Call me La Corriveau; I am not good Dame 
Dodier. Mine is an ill name, and I like it bes t, and so should you, Mademoiselle, for the business you sent me for 
is not what people who say their prayers call good. It was to find your lost jewels that Fanchon Dodier 
summoned me to your abode, was it not?" La Corriveau uttered this with a suppressed smile of incredulity. "Ah! 
I bade Fanchon tell you that in order to deceive her, not you! But you know better, La Corriveau! It was not for 
the sake of paltry jewels I desired you to come to the city to see me at this hour of midnight." "I conjectured as 
much!" replied La Corriveau, with a sardonic smile which showed her small teeth, white, even, and cruel as 
those of a wildcat. "The jewel you have lost is the heart of your lover, and you thought La Corriveau had a 
charm to win it back; was not that it, Mademoiselle?" 

Angelique sat upright, gazing boldly into the eyes of her visitor. "Yes, it was that and more than that I 
summoned you for. Can you not guess? You are wise, La Corriveau, you know a woman's desire better than she 
dare avow it to herself!" "Ah!" replied La Corriveau, returning her scrutiny with the eyes of a basilisk; a green 
light flashed out of their dark depths. "You have a lover, and you have a rival, too! A woman more potent than 
yourself, in spite of your beauty and your fascinations, has caught the eye and entangled the affections of the 
man you love, and you ask my counsel how to win him back and how to triumph over your rival. Is it not for that 
you have summoned La Corriveau?" "Yes, it is that, and still more than that!" replied Angelique, clenching her 
hands hard together, and gazing earnestly at the fire with a look of merciless triumph at what she saw there 
reflected from her own thoughts distinctly as if she looked at her own face in a mirror. "It is all that, and still 
more than that,--cannot you guess yet why I have summoned you here?" continued Angelique, rising and laying 
her left hand firmly upon the shoulder of La Corriveau, as she bent her head and whispered with terrible 
distinctness in her ear. La Corriveau heard her whisper and looked up eager ly. "Yes, I know now, 
Mademoiselle,--you would kill your rival! Ther e is death in your eye, in your voice, in your heart, but not in 
your hand! You would kill the woman who robs you of your lover, and you have sent for La Corriveau to help 
you in the good work! It is a good work in the eyes of a woman to kill her rival! but why should I do that to 
please you? What do I care for your lover, Angelique des Meloises?" 

Angelique was startled to hear from the lips of another, words which gave free expression to her own secret 
thoughts. A denial was on her lips, but the lie remained unspoken. She trembled before La Corriveau, but her 
resolution was unchanged. "It was not only to please m e, but to profit yourself that I sent for you!" Angelique 
replied eagerly, like one trying to outstrip her conscience and prevent it from overtaking her sin. "Hark you! 
you love gold, La Corriveau! I will give you all you crave in return for your help,--for help me you shall! you 
will never repent of it if you do; you will never cease to regr et it if you do not! I will make you rich, La 
Corrivean! or else, by God! do you hear? I swear it! I will have you burnt for a witch, and your ashes strewn all 
over St. Valier!" La Corriveau spat contemptuous ly upon the floor at the holy name. "You are a fool, Angelique