present groups of atolls- my theory absolutely requires, but no more. To say what amount of subsidence would 
be required for this end, one ought to know the height of all existing islands, both single ones and those in 
groups, on the face of the globe--and, indeed, of half a dozen worlds like ours. The reefs may be of much greater 
-thickness- than that just sufficient on an average to bury groups of is lands; and the probability of the thickness 
being greater seems to resolve itself into the average rate of subsidence allowing upward growth, and average 
duration of reefs on the same spot. Who will say what this rate and what this duration is? but till both are 
known, we cannot, I think, tell whether we ought to look for upraised coral formations -putting on one side 
denudation- above the unknown limit, say between 3,000 and 5,000 feet, necessary to submerge groups of 
common islands. How wretchedly involved do these speculations become. 

LETTER 534. TO E. VON MOJSISO VICS. Down, January 29th, 1879. I thank you cordially for the continuation 
of your fine work on the Tyroles e Dolomites -534-1. "Dolomitriffe Sudtirols und Venetiens": Wien, 1878.-, with 
its striking engravings and the maps, which ar e quite wonderful from the amount of labour which they exhibit, 
and its extreme difficulty. I well remember more than forty years ago examining a section of Silurian limestone 
containing many corals, and thinking to myself that it would be for ever impossible to discover whether the 
ancient corals had formed atolls or barrier reefs; so you may well believe that your work will interest me 
greatly as soon as I can find time to read it. I am much obliged for your photograph, and from its appearance 
rejoice to see that much more good work may be expected from you. I enclose my own photograph, in case you 
should like to possess a copy. 

LETTER 535. TO A. AGASSIZ. -535-1. Part of this letter is published in "Life and Letters," III., pages 183, 
184.- Down, May 5th, 1881. It was very good of you to write to me from Tortugas, as I always feel much 
interested in hearing what you are about, and in reading your many discoveries. It is a surprising fact that the 
peninsula of Florida should have remained at the same level for the immense period requisite for the 
accumulation of so vast a pile of debris. -535-2. Alexander Agassiz published a paper on "The Tortugas and 
Florida Reefs" in the "Mem. Amer. Acad. Arts and Sci." XI., page 107, 1885. See also his "Three Cruises of the 
'Blake,'" Volume I., 1888.- You will have seen Mr. Murray's views on the formation of atolls and barrier reefs. - 
535-3. "On the Structure and Origin of Coral Reefs and Islands," "Proc. R. Soc. Edin." Volume X., page 505, 
1880. Prof. Bonney has given a summary of Sir John Murray's views in Appendix II. of the third edition of 
Darwin's "Coral Reefs," 1889.- Befor e publishing my book, I thought long over the same view, but only as far as 
ordinary marine organisms are concerned, for at that time little was known of the multitude of minute oceanic 
organisms. I rejected this view, as from the few dredgings made in the 'Beagle' in the S. Temperate regions, I 
concluded that shells, the smaller corals, etc., etc., decayed and were dissolved when not protected by the 
deposition of sediment; and sediment could not accumulate in the open ocean. Certainly shells, etc., were in 
several cases completely rotten, and crumbled into mud between my fingers; but you will know well whether this 
is in any degree common. I have expressly said that a bank at the proper depth would give rise to an atoll, 
which could not be distinguished from one formed during subsidence. I can, however, hardly believe, in the 
former presence of as many banks -there having been no subsidence- as there are atolls in the great oceans, 
within a reasonable depth, on which minute oceanic organisms could have accumulated to the thickness of 
many hundred feet. I think that it has been shown that the oscillations from great waves extend down to a 
considerable depth, and if so the oscillating water would tend to lift up -according to an old doctrine 
propounded by Playfair- minute particles lying at the bottom, and allow them to be slowly drifted away from the 
submarine bank by the slightest current. Lastly, I cannot understand Mr. Murray, who admits that small 
calcareous organisms are dissolved by the carbonic acid in the water at great depths, and that coral reefs, etc., 
etc., are likewise dissolved near the surface, but that this does not occur at intermediate depths, where he 
believes that the minute oceanic calcareous organisms accumulate until the bank reaches within the reef- 
building depth. But I suppose that I must have misunderstood him. Pray forgive me for troubling you at such a 
length, but it has occurred to m e that you might be disposed to give, after your wide experience, your judgment. 
If I am wrong, the sooner I am knocked on the head and annihilated so much the better. 

It still seems to me a marvellous thing that ther e should not have been much and long-continued subsidence in 
the beds of the great oceans. I wish that some doubly rich millionaire would take it into his head to have borings 
made in some of the Pacific and Indian atolls, and bring home cores for slicing from a depth of 500 or 600 feet. 
-535-4. In 1891 a Committee of the British Association was formed for the investigation of an atoll by means of 
boring. The Royal Society took up the scheme, and an expedition was sent to Funafuti, with Prof. Sollas as 
leader. Another expedition left Sydney in 1897 under the direction of Prof. Edgewor th David, and a deeper 
boring was made. The Reports will be published in the "Philosophical Transactions," and will contain Prof.