condensed facts under each family and genus. I am glad you know my feeling of not being able to judge about 
one's own work; but I suspect that you have been overworking. I should think you could not give too much time 
to Wellwitchia -I spell it different every time I wr ite it- -612-2. "On Welwits chia," "Linn. Soc. Trans." -1862-, 
XXIV., 1863.-; at least I am sure in the animal kingdom monographs cannot be too long on the osculant groups. 
Hereafter I shall be excessively glad to r ead a paper about Aldrovanda -612-3. See "Insectivorous Plants," page 
321.-, and am very much obliged for reference. It is pr etty to see how the caught flies support Drosera; nothing 
else can live. Thanks about plants with two kinds of anthers. I presume -if an included flower was a Cassia- - 
612-4. Todd has des cribed a species of Cassia with an arrangement of stamens like the Melastomads. See 
Chapter 2.X.II.- that Cassia is like lupines, but with som e stamens still more rudimentary. If I hear I will return 
the three Melas tomads; I do not want them, and, indeed, have cuttings. I am very low about them, and have 
wasted enormous labour over them, and cannot yet get a glimpse of the meaning of the parts. I wish I knew any 
botanical collector to whom I could apply for seeds in their native land of any Heterocentron or Monochoetum; 
I have raised plenty of seedlings from your plants, but I find in other cas es that from a homomorphic union one 
generally gets solely the parent form. Do you chance to know of any botanical collector in Mexico or Peru? I 
must not now indulge myself with looking after vessels and homologies. Some futur e tim e I will indulge myself. 
By the way, some time I want to talk over the alternation of organs in flowers with you, for I think I must have 
quite misunderstood you that it was not explicable. I found out the Verbascum case by pur e accident, having 
transplanted one for experiment, and finding it to m y astonishment utterly s terile. I formerly thought with you 
about rarity of natural hybrids, but I am beginning to change: viz., oxlips -not quite proven-, Verbas cum, Cistus 
-not quite proven-, Aegilops triticoides -beautifully shown by Godron-, Weddell's and your orchids -612-5. For 
Verbascum see "Animals and Plants," Edition II., Volume I., page 356; for Cistus, Ibid., Edition II., Volume I., 
page 356, Volum e II., page 122; for Aegilops, Ibid., Edition II., Volume I., page 330, note.-, and I dares ay many 
others recorded. Your letters are one of m y greatest pleasures in life, but I earnestly beg you never to write 
unless you feel somewhat inclined, for I know how hard you work, as I work only in the morning it is different 
with me, and is only a pleasant relaxation. You will never know how much I owe to you for your constant 
kindness and encouragement. 

LETTER 613. TO JOHN LUBBOCK -Lord Avebury-. Cliff Cottage, Bournemouth, Hants, September 2nd -1862- 
. Hearty thanks for your note. I am so glad that your tour answered so splendidly. My poor patients -613-1. Mrs. 
Darwin and one of her sons, both recovering from scarlet fever.- got here yesterday, and are doing well, and we 
have a second house for the well ones. I write now in great haste to beg you to look -though I know how busy 
you are, but I cannot think of any other naturalist who would be careful- at any field of common red clover -if 
such a field is near you- and watch the hive-bees: probably -if not too late- you will see some sucking at the 
mouth of the little flowers and some few sucking at the base of the flowers, at holes bitten through the corollas. 
All that you will see is that the bees put their heads deep into the -flower- head and rout about. Now, if you see 
this, do for Heaven's sake catch me some of each and put in spirits and keep them separate. I am almost certain 
that they belong to two castes, with long and short probos cids. This is so curious a point that it seems worth 
making out. I cannot hear of a clover field near here. 

LETTER 614. TO JOHN LUBBOCK -Lord Avebury-. Cliff Cottage, Bournemouth, Wednesday, September 3rd - 
1862-. I beg a million pardons. Abus e me to any degree, but forgive m e: it is all an illusion -but almost 
excusable- about the bees. -614-1. H. Muller, "Fertilisation of Flowers," page 186, describes hive-bees visiting 
Trifolium pratense for the sake of the pollen. Darwin may perhaps have supposed that thes e were the variety of 
bees whose proboscis was long enough to reach the nectar. In "Cross and Self Fertilisation," page 361, Darwin 
describes hive-bees apparently searching for a secretion on the calyx. In the same passage in "Cross and Self 
Fertilisation" he quotes Muller as stating that hive-bees obtain nectar from red clover by breaking apart the 
petals. This seems to us a misinterpretation of the "Befruchtung der Blumen," page 224.- I do so hope that you 
have not wasted any time from my stupid blunder. I hate myself, I hate clover, and I hate bees. -FIGURE 10.-- 
DIAGRAM OF CRUCIFEROUS FLOWER. FIGURE 11.--DISSECTION OF CRUCIFEROUS FLOWER. Laid 
flat open, showing by dotted lines the course of spiral vessels in all the organs; sepals and petals shown on one 
side alone, with the s tamens on one side above with course of vessels indicated, but not prolonged. Near side of 
pistil with one spiral vessel cut away.- 

LETTER 615. TO J.D. HOOKER. Cliff Cottage, Bournemouth, September 11th, 1862. You once told me that 
Cruciferous flowers were anomalous in alternation of parts, and had given rise to some theory of dedoublement. 
Having nothing on earth to do here, I have dissected all the spiral vessels in a flower, and instead of burning my 
diagrams -Figures 10 and 11-, I send them to you, you miserable man. But mind, I do not want you to send me a