Shoving aside the drafts of the rec center monthly calendar, she stared out the window at the gathering 
rain clouds. 

Henry's Mother's Day card had touched her to the core. Yet the sentiment had made her uncomfortable, 
especially in light of Trisha's appearance. 

Irrational as she knew it might be, she couldn't help comparing herself to Trisha. There was a world of 
difference between the woman's traveled, chic appearance and heroin blue-jean-and-sweatshirt 
wardrobe. If Trisha had attracted Eric at one point, there was no way he could find an outdoor girl like 
her interesting. 

Besides, Henry needed time and space to reconnect with his mother. No matter how much she cared for 
Henry - and Eric - it didn't seem fair to put herself between them and a possible reconciliation with 
Trisha. And yet, was bowing out, running away, only her way of retreating behind her old defenses? 

The ring of her phone interrupted her thoughts. Checking the caller ID, she saw it was Eric. She let the 
call go to the answering machine. She couldn't face him until she got herself straightened out. 

When his voice filled the room, she gripped the arms of her chair. Maggie, I'm sorry you're not there. I 
wanted to thank you for helping with Henry last night. You were a god send. He felt better this morning 
and even went to school. Any chance you'd be free after work? I need to talk to you. Call me. 

Her stomach churned. Undoubtedly he wanted to break it off with her whatever "it" was. She mentally 
kicked herself. Dumb, dumb, dumb for a long time she'd succeeded in protecting herself from the 
trauma of romance. Now she was Knee-deer in it, and it hurt But that was the price of risking, and in the 
end, she wouldn't go back to the way she'd been living. 

On her laptop, she pulled up the website for the Colorado outdoor leadership school. Pristine mountains, 
rushing trout streams, Alpine flowers. 

All night she had tried to talk herself into accepting the position there. Bottom line, she'd grown way too 
attached to Eric and Henry Wouldn't the unselfish decision be to step back and let them work on 
bonding with Trisha? 

Maggie had often heard it said that when one door closes, you need a new door And that door" had been 
offered to her at exactly the right moment. But was going to Colorado her way of closing the door on a 
life with Eric and Henry? She realized that taking the job would be the easy way out. And she'd never 
been a coward. 

She picked up the phone to call her friend in Colorado. 

Later that afternoon she was in the gym setting up volleyball nets when Chad Larraby stopped by. 

"There's a rumor going around that you were talking about a job transfer. What's going on?" 

One of the joys of small town - you could never keep anything a secret. "A friend offered me a very 
tempting job in Colorado and I was considering it-"

"What I'm stunned. You're such an important part of this community." He shock his head in disbelief. 
"Wow. Have you said anything to Eric?" 

"No, I couldn't phone him until I knew what was in my heart" And, Maggie realized, her heart had known 
what it wanted all along. 

Eric glanced at the clock for the umipteenth time. Henry would be home from the rec center soon, and 
Maggie still hadn't returned his call. Was she avoiding him? Had something happened? 

Last night had made every thing clearer. Trisha would never be the involved, day-to-day mother Henry 
needed. More important, he'd realized that Maggie was nothing like Trisha. Maggie had handled the 
situation with grace. He would never forget how tenderly she had cared for Henry, tucking him into bed 
with a kiss.