Bigot, hardy as he was and reckless, refrained from touching the hand or even looking at Angelique at this 
moment. With the quick perception of her sex she felt it, and drew back a step, not knowing but the next moment 
might overwhelm her with an accusation. But Bigot was not sure, and he dared not hint to Angelique more than 
he had done. "Thanks for tying the knot, Angelique," said he at length. "It is a hard knot, mine, is it not, both to 
tie and to untie?" She looked at him, not pretending to understand any meaning he might attach to his words. 
"Yes, it is a hard knot to tie, yours, Bigot, and you do not seem particularly to thank me for my service. Have 
you discovered the hidden place of your fair fugitive yet?" She said this just as he turned to depart. It was the 
feminine postscript to their interview. Bigot's avoidance of any allusion to the death of Caroline was a terrible 
mark of suspicion; less in reality, however, than it seemed. Bigot, although suspicious, could find no clue to the 
real perpetrators of the murder. He knew it had not been Angelique herself in person. He had never heard her 
speak of La Corriveau. Not the smallest ray of light penetrated the dark mystery. "I do not believe she has left 
Beaumanoir, Bigot," continued Angelique; "or if she has, you know her hiding-place. Will you swear on my 
book of hours that you know not where she is to be found?" He looked fixedly at Angelique for a moment, trying 
to read her thoughts, but she had rehearsed her part too often and too well to look pale or confused. She felt her 
eyebrow twitch, but she pressed it with her fingers, believing Bigot did not observe it, but he did. "I will swear 
and curse both, if you wish it, Angelique," replied he. "Which shall it be?" "Well, do both,--swear at me and 
curse the day that I banished Le Gardeur de Repentigny for your sake, Francois Bigot! If the lady be gone, 
where is your promise?" Bigot burst into a wild laugh, as was his wont when hard-pressed. He had not, to be 
sure, made any definite promise to Angelique, but he had flattered her with hopes of marriage never intended to 
be realized. "I keep my promises to ladies as if I had sworn by St. Dorothy," replied he. "But your promise to 
me, Bigot! Will you keep it, or do worse?" asked she, impatiently. "Keep it or do worse! What mean you, 
Angelique?" He looked up in genuine surprise. This was not the usual tone of women towards him. "I mean that 
nothing will be better for Francois Bigot than to keep his promise, nor worse than to break it, to Angelique des 
Meloises!" replied she, with a stamp of her foot, as was her manner when excited. She thought it safe to use an 
implied threat, which at any rate might reach the thought that lay under his heart like a centipede under a stone
 which some chance foot turns over. But Bigot minded not the implied threat. He was immovable in the direction 
 she wished him to move. He understood her allusion, but would not appear to understand it, lest worse than she 
 meant should come of it. 
 
 "Forgive me, Angelique!" said he, with a sudden change from frigidity to fondness. "I am not unmindful of my 
 promises; there is nothing better to myself than to keep them, nothing worse than to break them. Beaumanoir is 
 now without reproach, and you can visit it without fear of aught but the ghosts in the gallery." Angelique feared 
 no ghosts, but she did fear that the Intendant's words implied a suggestion of one which might haunt it for the 
 future, if there were any truth in tales. "How can you warrant that, Bigot?" asked she dubiously. "Because 
 Pierre Philibert and La Corne St. Luc have been with the King's warrant and searched the chateau from crypt 
 to attic, without finding a trace of your rival." "What, Chevalier, searched the Chateau of the Intendant?" "Par 
 bleu! yes, I insisted upon their doing so; not, however, till they had gone through the Castle of St. Louis. They 
 apologized to m e for finding nothing. What did they expect to find, think you?" "The lady, to be sure! Oh, 
 Bigot," continued she, tapping him with her fan, "if they would s end a commission of women to search for her, 
 the secret could not remain hid." "No, truly, Angelique! If you were on such a commission to search for the 
 secret of her." "Well, Bigot, I would never betray it, if I knew it," answered she, promptly. "You swear to that, 
 Angelique?" asked he, looking full in her eyes, which did not flinch under his gaze. "Yes; on my book of hours, 
 as you did!" said she. "Well, there is my hand upon it, Angelique. I have no secret to tell respecting her. She has 
 gone, I cannot tell WHITHER." Angelique gave him her hand on the lie. She knew he was playing with her, as 
 she with him, a game of mutual deception, which both knew to be such. And yet they must, circumstanced as 
 they were, play it out to the end, which end, she hoped, would be her marriage with this arch-deceiver. 
 
 A breach of their alliance was as dangerous as it would be unprofitable to both. Bigot rose to depart with an air 
 of gay regret at leaving the company of Angelique to make room for De Pean, "who," he said, "would pull every 
 hair out of his horse's mane if he waited much longer." "Your visit is no pleasure to you, Bigot," said she, 
 looking hard at him. "You are discontented with me, and would rather go than stay!" "Well, Angelique, I am a 
 dissatisfied man to-day. The mysterious disappearance of that girl from Beaumanoir is the cause of my 
 discontent. The defiant boldness of the Bourgeois Philiber t is another. I have heard to-day that the Bourgeois 
 has chartered every ship that is to sail to France during the remainder of the autumn. These things are 
 provoking enough, but they drive me for consolation to you. But for you I should shut myself up in Beaumanoir, 
 and let every thing go helter-skelter to the devil." "You only flatter me and do not mean it!" said she, as he took