She stoodt and laid her palis on Erte's chest "I can't live without you, she whispered for His ears alone. 

"Well? Henry was literally dancing with suspense. 

Maggie looked from one to the other. "Who wants a silly old job in Colorado anyway? Not when I can 
have the two of you." 

"Forever, right?" Henry said, needing reassurance. 

"Forever," both Maggie and Eric said at the same time. 

Henry pumped his fist in the air. "Cahoots!" 

I poisoned his coffee this morning. Not too much - not enough to kill him outright. Just a bit. Just enough 
to make him feel little under the weather. Make him sweat a little more than usual, make him run his 
thick hands over his broad forehead and wonder why his temples throb. I imagined him wandering 
around his dealership, unable to focus on sales or on laughing with customers. 

Tonight, he came home and said he might be coming down with a cold. I cooed and patted his head. 
I was concerned and sympathetic. I'm very good at that. Very convincing. Then I made him more coffee. With 
just a tiny bit of poison. 

Tomorrow, I'll poison his coffee again. Just a bit more than before. Nothing dramatic or obvious, nothing 
to tip him off. Just a tiny bit just a little bit sicker, that's all A natural progression. And I will keep it up, 
every day a little bit more. Every day his 'cold' will get worse His sale will suffer, his employees will 
wonder to themselves and each other. He'll spend most of the day at his desk, rubbing his temples and 
sweating. Eventually, he won't be able to work at all. Then the doctors appointments will begin. 

And you might think I'll be discovered. Surely the doctors will find the poison building up inside him, 
right? Wrong. I'm very careful. There are poisons that are very difficult to detect. And real-life doctors 
aren't like the ones on TV. They aren't brilliant and insightful, putting together complex puzzles of illness 
with just a few tiny pieces. They just want to prescribe something and get to the next patient. And I've 
found poisons those hacks will never find. I've done lots of research. I've had lots of time to myself. 

So the doctors won't find it. And we'll both go to doctor after doctor, each looking more confused than the 
last as my husband gets sicker and sicker. 

And I will look concerned, even afraid. I will hang on the doctors' every word. I will look at them like a 
woman looking for water in the desert. Looking for that hint of hope that my husband will be okay And 
each morning, coffee with poison. Maybe eventually he won't be able to stomach coffee and I'll switch to 
milk. Ve'll see how that plays out. 

Eventually he won't be able to leave the hospital. They'll prop him up in a bed and monitor him as he 
slips further and further away. And I know what you're thinking. Surely the poison will stop. The hospital 
will provide all his food. My influence will be gone. 

Ah, but no. 

I will be the devoted wife. I will stay in that room day and night. We will watch TV and tall and try to 
pretend things are just as they were before he got sick. And will always be watching for an opportunity. 
A back turned, a coughing fit, a nurse-aided trip to the bathroom. Then I'll slip a little bit more into his 
food, his water, the plastic cup of juice. You be amazed what you can accomplish with patience and 
alert eyes. 

Further and further away he'll slip And I will dote. And pray. And weep. The doctors will struggle 
bravely, will confer with each other, will do their best to comfort me without giving too much hope And 
my husband will look to me for solace. I will give this to him. You never know who may be watching. I will
even stroke his head as breve, said tears inch down my face.

And he will try to be strong for me. He will struggle to be brave as the life slowly drains from those 
hungry eyes of his. Struggle as his breath becomes more and more shallow. Struggle as his limbs get 
weaker and weaker.