Mammalia belong the most highly organized animals. They have been the ruling animals since the close of 
Mesozoic time. We must now watch their development with especial care. For this brief review, as far as it has 
gone, has shown a steady and gradual progress in life forms, the lower invariably preceding the higher. We 
therefore feel that it will be vain to seek for any trace of man until we find undoubted proofs of the existence of 
all the forms of animals below him. The last great division of time is called Cenozoic.-20- This means new life 
forms. In this age, the forms of life are much nearer our own. As it was some time during this epoch when man 
makes his appearance, we deem it best to go into more detail, and give the subdivisions of this period. It has 
been amply sufficient to give simply the outlines of the other per iods. In order to fix more clearly the sequence 
of life, we will give an outline showing the periods we have reviewed, and also the subdivisions of the Cenozoic 
time, which we are now to examine with more care. OUTLINE. LIFE. Archaean Time. The Beginning: Includes 
the long lapse of tim e when the globe could not support life, but towards its close faint traces of life, both 
animal and vegetable appeared. Paleozoic Time. The Period of Old Life Forms: Forests of flowerless trees; but 
pines grew in the coal measures. Animal life largely invertebrate; but amphibians and reptiles among the 
vertebrate appear at the close. Mesozoic Time. The Period of Middle Life Forms: Flowering trees increasing in 
number and importance. Deciduous trees make their appearance. 

Animal life largely reptilian. The class Mammalia represented by marsupials. Cenozoic Time. Tertiary, or Age 
of Mammals: Eocene, Miocene, Pliocene. Quarternary, or Age of Man: Glacial or Pleistocene, Recent. At the 
close of the Mesozoic time, great elevations of land took place in both Amer ica and Europe, especially in the 
northern portions.-21- This could not fail to have a great effect on life, both animal and vegetable. During the 
Eocene, or first division of the Tertiary Age, we have simply to note the steady progress of life. There were 
forests of species of oaks, poplars, maples, hickories, and other common trees, and others now found only in 
tropical regions. Palm trees were growing in the upper Missouri region of the United States. And England was 
decidedly a land of Palms, as no less than thirteen species are known to have been growing there. Cypresses, 
yews, and pines graced the s cene.-22- Our special interest centers, however, in the mammals of this epoch. The 
Paleotherium. - In the preceding epoch marsupials only were repres ented. But in beds of the middle and closing 
portions of the Eocene period we meet with a sudden increase of Mammalian life. Whale-like animals were 
especially abundant in the seas; and on our Western plains were animals like the tapirs of India, and 
rhinoceros- like animals as large as elephants-23- but having no trunks, and diminutive little animals not larger 
than foxes, from which have come our horses. Europe also had a varied Mammalian fauna. There were 
numerous hog-like animals. Animals, like the tapirs of tropical Asia and America, wandered in the forests and 
on the banks of the rivers. Herds of horse-like animals, about the size of Shetland ponies, fed on the meadows.- 
24- Animals that chew the cud were present, or at least had near representatives.-25- Among the flesh-eating 
animals were creatures resembling foxes, wolverines, and hyenas. 

-26- This shows what a great advance had been made. But, besides all these, we are here presented with 
representatives of the order of Quadrumana, or four-handed animals. Several genera of lemurs are found in 
both America and Europe. Now the Quadrumana ar e the order below man. Therefore it seems that in the 
Eocene period, all the forms of life -i-below--i- man are represented. The time seems to be at hand when we can 
look, with some confidence, for traces of the presence of man himself. We must therefore be more cautious in 
our investigations. The epoch following on after the Eocene is designated as the Miocene. We must remember 
that, though recent in a geological sense, yet it is immens ely remote when measured by the standard of years. 
We must inquire into all the surroundings of this far away time. The geographical features must have been 
widely different from the present. In the first place, the elevation of land to the north must have been sufficient 
to have connected the land areas of the Northern Hemisphere North America, with Asia-27- and Greenland; 
and this latter country must have been united with Iceland, and, through the British Islands, with Europe. But, 
to compensate for this land mass to the north, large portions of Central and Southern Europe were beneath the 
waves.-28- The proof of this extended mass of land is to be found in the wide distribution of similar animals and 
plants in the Miocene time. All the chief botanists are agreed that the north Polar region was the center from 
which plants peculiar to the Eocene and Miocene epochs spread into both Europe and America.-29- We may 
mention that the famous big trees of California are simply remnants of a wide-spread growth of these trees in 
Miocene times. They can be found in a fossil state at various places in British America, in Greenland, and in 
Europe. They are supposed to have originated somewhere in the north, and spread by these land connections we 
have mentioned into both Europe and America. But this is not the only tree that grew in the Miocene forests of 
both continents. The magnolia, tulip-tree, and swamp cypress are other instances.-30- Eleven species, growing 
in the Rocky Mountain regions in Rocene times, found their way to Europe in the Miocene times,-31- driving