And finally, finally, he will die. 

And I will be there as he does. I will smile bravely and hold his hand as he slips away. The machines that 
beep along with his heart will drone. The doctors will pull me away, will confer with each other, will 
determine the time of death.

Then, the funeral I will stand with family and friends, weeping and dressed in black. I will draw in 
Tagged breaths and tell everyone in doing fire, considering the priest wilt relate my husband's life, his 
good deeds. He will have to skip some things, but I will nod as though it's all true. Maybe it will even rain.
How dramatic that will be the angry sky weeping in rage at the injustice done. It will set a very 
convincing tone. 

I will hold a flower, a rose most likely, in my trembling hands. I will place it on the casket as the wife, 
my flower will go first. Then I will watch as the thick straps and pulleys lower the casket into the ground.

The wake will follow. Pot luck and sympathy. I will nod as people pat their condolences onto my 
shoulders. I will eat two plates of food, tops. I will listen as people tell stories about my husband and ask 
how I'm holding up. I will wait patiently through all this. 

Then I Will no doubt have guests at home. It will be like the wake, only smaller and more bothersome. I 
will have to assure them several times before they will leave But I will insist, and they will understand. 
And they will leave. 

I will let exactly one hour pass. To be sure e everyone has truly gone. It will be dark by then. I will get into 
my car and drive. 

Hopefully the cemetery gate will be unlocked. It should be. The keepers usually Hon't bother to lock it. I've 
checked a few times, preparing. Assuming it is unlocked, I will let myself in. I will find my husband's fresh 
grave. It should be done and the grave digger's gone I've checked, and they work fast. 

I will look around making sure no one is there to see. I will taste the cool night air. Relish it. 

I will kick off my shoes, roll down my pantyhose and slide of my underwear. Then I will straddle his
grave and urinate. I will make sure and hold it all day, storing up a large amount. 

I will stand there pissing on his grave. And will hiss through my teeth: 

"Drink that! 

"Drink that, you miserable bastard! 

"I knew! I knew all about her!" 

Bob liked hookers with a good-sized deep freeze and the right seasoning, one could last for months. And 
they were so easy to find, lined up along the street like hot dog vendors. Or rather, like the hot dogs 
themselves. 

He chuckled at his joke as he slowly drove up the neon-lit street, looking for a good specimen. The street 
was wet from a recent rain. Garishlred neon spilled long trails of crimson light across the wet pavement. 
As if advertising the wet innards of the women standing by the curb. 

Some of the women were still young and beautiful. Fresh. Much fresher than Bob. Bob knew he wasn't 
much to look at, with his greasy flat hair, thick glasses and pock-marked skin. But he also knew if he 
claimed to have money, one would get in the car. And once she was in the car, money would cease to be 
an issue. 

Bob knew what you might say - hookers are for boilers, not eating. But eating d hooker got Bob hard. So 
hard he could come just from the feel of their flesh in his mouth. And he would savor them. Much more 
than the other guys, who would be done in ten minutes. He'd be much more appreciative, and the 
hookers would still serve their usual purpose, as he came in his pants time and time again. 

He passed many women by Tight shirts and long legs. Heavy makeup and teased hair. A few sashayed 
toward the car, hoping to entice, but he ignored them. He was looking for something particular.