Sir C. Lyell, while agreeing with my main argument on Man, thinks I am wrong in wanting to put him back into 
Miocene times, and thinks I do not appreciate the immense interval even to the later Pliocene. But I still 
maintain my view, which in fact is a logical result of my theory; for if man originated in later Pliocene, when 
almost all mammalia were of closely allied species to those now living, and many even identical, then man has 
not been stationary in bodily structure while animals have been varying, and my theory will be proved to be all 
wrong. In Murchison's address to the Geographical Society, just delivered, he points out Africa as being the 
oldest existing land. He says there is no evidence of its having been ever submerged during the Tertiary epoch. 
Here then is evidently the place to find early man. I hope something good may be found in Borneo, and that the 
means may be found to explor e the still more promising regions of tropical Africa, for we can expect nothing of 
man very early in Europe. It has given me great pleasure to find that there are symptoms of improvement in 
your health. I hope you will not exert yourself too soon or write more than is quite agreeable to you. I think I 
made out every word of your letter, though it was not always easy. -406--4. For Wallace's later views see Letter 
408, note.- 

LETTER 407. TO W. TURNER. -407-1. Sir William Turner is frequently referred to in the "Descent of Man" as 
having supplied Mr. Darwin with information.- Down, December 14th -1866-. Your kindness when I met you at 
the Royal Society makes me think that you would grant me the favour of a little information, if in your power. I 
am preparing a book on Domestic Animals, and as there has been so much discussion on the bearing of such 
views as I hold on Man, I have some thoughts of adding a chapter on this subject. The point on which I want 
information is in regard to any part which may be fairly called rudimentary in comparison with the same part in 
the Quadrumana or any other mammal. Now the os coccyx is rudimentary as a tail, and I am anxious to hear 
about its muscles. Mr. Flower found for me in some work that its one muscle -with striae- was supposed only to 
bring this bone back to its proper position after parturition. This seems to me hardly credible. He said he had 
never particularly examined this part, and when I mentioned your name, he said you were the most likely man to 
give me information. Are there any traces of other muscles? It seems strange if there are none. Do you know 
how the muscles are in this par t in the anthropoid apes? The muscles of the ear in man may, I suppose, in most 
cases be considered as rudimentary; and so they seem to be in the anthropoids; at least, I am assured in the 
Zoological Gardens they do not erect their ears. I gather there are a good many muscles in various parts of 
the body which are in this same state: could you specify any of the best cases? The mammae in man are 
rudimentary. Are there any other glands or other organs which you can think of? I know I have no right
 whatever to ask all these questions, and can only say that I should be grateful for any information. If you tell me 
 anything about the os coccyx or other structures, I hope that you will permit me to quote the statement on your 
 authority, as that would add so greatly to its value. Pray excuse me for troubling you, and do not hurry yourself 
 in the least in answering me. I do not know whether you would care to possess a copy, but I told my publisher to 
 send you a copy of the new edition of the "Origin" last month. 
 
 LETTER 408. TO W. TURNER. Down, February 1st -1867-. I thank you cordially for all your full information, 
 and I regret much that I have given you such great trouble at a period when your time is so much occupied. But 
 the facts were so valuable to me that I cannot pretend that I am sorry that I did trouble you; and I am the less 
 so, as from what you say I hope you may be induced some time to write a full account of all rudimentary 
 structures in Man: it would be a very curious and interesting memoir. I shall at present give only a brief 
 abstract of the chief facts which you have so very kindly communicated to m e, and will not touch on some of the 
 doubtful points. I have received far more information than I ventured to anticipate. There is one point which has 
 occurred to me, but I suspect there is nothing in it. If, however, there should be, perhaps you will let me have a 
 brief note from you, and if I do not hear I will understand there is nothing in the notion. I have included the 
 down on the human body and the lanugo on the foetus as a rudimentary representation of a hairy coat. -408-1. 
 "Descent of Man" I., page 25; II., page 375.- I do not know whether there is any direct functional connection 
 between the pres ence of hair and the panniculus carnosus -408-2. Professor Macalister draws our attention to 
 the fact that Mr. Darwin uses the term panniculus in the generalised sense of any sheet of muscle acting on 
 the skin.- -to put the question under another point of view, is it the primary or aboriginal function of the panniculus 
 to move the dermal appendages or the skin its elf?-; but both ar e superficial, and would perhaps together 
 become rudimentary. I was led to think of this by the places -as far as my ignorance of anatomy has allowed me 
 to judge- of the rudimentary muscular fasciculi which you specify. Now, some persons can move the skin of their 
 hairy heads; and is this not effected by the panniculus? How is it with the eyebrows? You specify the axillae and 
 the front region of the chest and lower part of s capulae: now, these are all hairy spots in man. On the other 
 hand, the neck, and as I suppose the covering of the gluteus medius, are not hairy; so, as I said, I presume there