Something he couldn't verbalize. He liked to think he had a knack for picking girls, so he went with his 
gut. And intended the pun. 

Then he saw her. Big curly blonde hair. A round, plump face. Tight, sparkling clothes barely concealing 
big boobs and a bigger butt. Lots of meat. She was a buffet on legs. 

She was looking away at something, popping gum in her round mouth, when his headlights hit her. She 
looked toward hit and smiled. He stopped the car just across front her. 

Her smile grew and she clattered her high Heels over to him. He leaned across the seat to roll down the 
passenger window. She leaned in and the smell of her gum wafted in after her. 

“Hey, sweetheart" she said. All the other girls vanished from Bob's mind. She'd be perfect. Looking for 
some fun?" 

"Aren't we all?" said Bob. 

She giggled. “You got the money?" 

"Wouldn't be here if I didn't. Never was much for window shopping." 

She giggled again and reached inside the car to pop up the lock. She opened the door, climbed inside, and 
shut it. 

"Names Bubbles, she announced. Where we going?" 

Bubbles?, thought Bob. You have got to be shitting me. "Old Johnston Park." It was a good spot for 
bagging meat. Lots of trees. Lots of seclusion. Sometimes he'd even had time to sample some first-fruits 
of his labors while still in the car. Chewing and tasting their sweet juices while the heat from their guts 
steamed the windshield. And no one suspected a thing. Stearned windows were common in Old Johhston 
Park. So much so it was called by another name. 

"Lovers Park?" said Bubbles. “Oooh, how romantic." 

Bob nodded and started driving. He guided them away from the bright red light of Hooker Row, as some 
locals called it, to darker streets. With each block that ticked by, the lights became gradually less. Their
seclusion was growing. 

Bubbles flipped down the mirror in the passenger visor and started checking her hair. She adjusted her 
ample breasts and ran a finger over her teeth. 

Bob ran his tongue over his top lip. He did his best to remain calm. He had to still appear normal. They 
weren't secluded enough yet. "Say, Bubbles," he said. 

"Yeah?' she said, snapping the visor back up. She wrinkled her nose as a thought seemed to occur to her. 
"What's your name, anyway?" 

"Bob." 

She nodded. "Okay. What is it, Bob?" "Could you grab me that bag in the back seat?" 

She craned her neck around to look Bob gifted himself with h glance at the meat she revealed. "Sure," 
she said. She reached back and brought a duffle bag into the font. She rested it on her knees and raised 
an eyebrow at Bob. "So what's in it Toys? Are you kinky, Bob?" She smiled and started to undo the 
zipper.

"No peeking." said Bob, snatching the bag from her. He put it in his lap and enjoyed the weight. "It'll be a 
surprise." 

And it would be. The bag held various implements Bob liked to use on his hookers, Knives, scissors a 
screwdriver, whatever might strike his fancy. There was even an old scalpel he stolen from a hospital. 
They each had a feel all their own, and interacted with the neat in their own wonderful ways.