devout nuns lavished upon it their choices t works of embroidery, painting, and gilding, in the arts of which they 
were eminent. The old Sacristaine was kneeling before the altar as Amelie and Heloise entered the Chapel. An 
image of the Virgin occupied a niche in the Chapel wall, and before it burned the silver lamp of Repentigny 
which had been hung there two generations before, in memory of the miraculous call of Madelaine de 
Repentigny and her victory over the world. The high-bred and beautiful Madelaine had been the delight and 
pride of Ville Marie. Stricken with grief by the death of a young officer to whom she was affianced, she retired 
to Quebec, and knelt daily at the feet of our Lady of Pouvoir, bes eeching her for a sign if it was her will that she 
should become an Ursuline. 

The sign was given, and Madelaine de Repentigny at once exchanged her gay robes for the coarse black gown 
and veil, and hung up this votive lamp before the Madonna as a perpetual memorial of her miraculous call. 
Seven generations of men have passed away since then. The house of Repentigny has disappeared from their 
native land. Their name and fame lie buried in oblivion, except in that little Chapel of the Saints where their 
lamp still burns brightly as ever. The pious nuns of St. Ursule, as the last custodians of the traditions of New 
France, preserve that sole memorial of the glories and misfortunes of the noble house,--the lamp of Repentigny. 
Amelie and Heloise remained long in the Chapel of Saints, kneeling upon the hard floor as they prayed with 
tears and sobs for the soul of the Bourgeois and for God's pity and forgiveness upon Le Gardeur. To Amelie's 
woes was added the terrible consciousness that, by this deed of her brother, Pierre Philibert was torn from her 
forever. She pictured to herself his grief, his love, his despair, perhaps his vengeance; and to add to all, she, his 
betrothed bride, had forsaken him and fled like a guilty thing, without waiting to see whether he condemned her. 
An hour ago Amelie had been the envy and delight of her gay bridesmaids. Her heart had overflowed like a 
fountain of wine, intoxicating all about her with joy at the hope of the speedy coming of her bridegroom. 
Suddenly the idols of her life had been shattered as by a thunderbolt, and lay in fragments around her feet. 
The thought came upon her like the rush of angry wings. 

She knew that all was over between her and Pierre. The cloister and the veil were all that were left to Amelie de 
Repentigny. "Heloise, dearest sister!" exclaimed she, "my conscience tells me I have done right, but my heart 
accuses me of wrong to Pierre, of falseness to my plighted vows in forsaking him; and yet, not for heaven itself 
would I have forsaken Pierre. Would that I were dead! Oh, what have I done, Heloise, to deserve such a 
chastisement as this from God?" Amelie threw her arms around the neck of Heloise, and leaning her head on 
her bosom, wept long and without restraint, for none saw them save God. "Listen!" said Heloise, as the swelling 
strain of the organ floated up from the convent chapel. The soft voices of the nuns mingled in plaintive harmony 
as they sang the hymn of the Virgin: "Pia Mater! Fons amoris! Me sentire vim doloris Fac, ut tecum lugeam!" 
Again came the soft pleading notes of the sacred hymn: "Quando corpus morietur, Fac ut animae donetur 
Paradisi gloria! Amen!" The harmony filled the ears of Amelie and Heloise, like the lap of the waves of eternity 
upon the world's shore. It died away, and they continued praying before Our Lady of Grand Pouvoir. The 
silence was suddenly broken. Hasty steps traversed the little chapel. A rush of garments caused Amelie and 
Heloise to turn around, and in an instant they were both clasped in the passionate embrace of the Lady de Tilly, 
who had arrived at the Convent. "My dear children, my poor, stricken daughters," exclaimed she, kissing them 
passionately and mingling her tears with theirs, "what have you done to be dashed to the earth by such a stroke 
of divine wrath?" "Oh, aunt, pardon us for what we have done!" exclaimed Amelie, "and for not asking your 
consent, but alas! it is God's will and doing! I have given up the world; do not blame me, aunt!" "Nor me, 
aunt!" added Heloise; "I have long known that the clois ter was my sole heritage, and I now claim it." 

"Blame you, dar ling! Oh, Amelie, in the shame and agony of this day I could share the cloister with you myself 
forever, but my work is out in the wide world, and I must not withdraw m y hand!" "Have you seen Le Gardeur? 
Oh, aunt! have you seen my brother?" asked Amelie, seizing her hand passionately. "I have seen him, and wept 
over him," was the reply. "Oh, Amelie! great as is his offence, his crime, yes, I will be honest calling it such,--no 
deeper contr ition could rend his heart had he committed all the sins forbidden in the Decalogue. He demands a 
court martial to condemn him at once to death, upon his own s elf-accusation and confession of the murder of 
the good Bourgeois." "Oh, aunt, and he loved the Bourgeois so! It seems like a hideous dream of fright and 
nightmare that L e Gardeur should assail the father of Pierre Philibert, and mine that was to be!" At this thought 
the poor girl flung herself upon the bosom of the Lady de Tilly, convulsed and torn by as bitter sobs as ever 
drew human pity. "Le Gardeur! Le Gardeur! Good God! what will they do with him, aunt? Is he to die?" cried 
she imploringly, as with streaming eyes she looked up at her aunt. "Listen, Amelie! Compose yourself and you 
shall hear. I was in the Church of Notre Dame des Victoires when I received the tidings. It was long before the 
messenger found me. I rose instantly and hastened to the house of the Bourgeois, where its good master lay