Bob felt an erection growing. They were in a residential area now. The occasional lamp postor porch 
provided the only light. More seclusion. They were aver half of the way to the park. 

With his salivating thoughts and growing erection, Bob stopped paying attention to the speedometer. He 
was gripping the bag tight and thinking of slicing when an explosion of blue and red light came from 
behind A siren blared. 

"Shit," said Bubbles, turning around to loo.k "Cops are the bad, Bob. You've got to be more careful." 

And Bob wanted to slice her mouth from nose to chin. Make a bloody cross of her lips and shut her up 
ood. But he restrained himself. He grumbled and pulled the car over. 

The cop's horrible lights chased Bob's seclusion away. It felt like forever, sitting there staring at the 
flashing in the rear-view mirror and waiting. Finally a shape emerged from the lights and approached 
them. Rob rolled down his window is the shape resolved into a cop. 

The cop turned out to be a woman with a lean face and long brown hair. Her breasts bulged under her 
brown shirt. Bob thought How nice it would be to slice off a breast and eat, but he knew better. Cop meat 
was too risky. 

"I'm afraid you were speeding, sir, said the cop, getting out her ticket pad. 

"A temporary lapse," said Rob. "Won't happen again." 

"See that it doesn't," said the cop. She took her time writing the ticket. Come on, thought Bob.Hurry.
Finally she yanked the ticket free and handed it to him. As she leaned over to do it, her eyes fell on 
Bubbles.

"Who's this?" 

Bob started to sweat. If he was arrested for soliciting a prostitute, that would be bad. They might search 
his bag, his trunk eventually his apartment And that would be very bad. 

"My niece," he said, hoping the cop couldn't see the beads of moisture on his forehead. 

The cop looked at him, then back at Bubbles Bob could see her eyes going over Bubbles' outfit. The cop 
frowned. 

Bubbles laughed. "Yeah. Uncle Bob had to come 'rescue' me from this bitchin' party. He's such a bore." 

Bob shrugged and smiled. "Kids." 

The cop slowly nodded and stepped back. "Well, drive slower from now on, okay?" 

"Will do," said Bob. 

The cop nodded again and walked back to her car. Rob rolled the window up and shifted back into drive. 

"That was too close, Bob," aid Bubbles. “You've got to be more careful." 

"Oh believe me, I will." Bob smiled and started driving. 

There were a few more minutes of quiet anticipation before the park tame into view. Bubbles spent them 
preening herself and humming a strange song Bob Hidn't know. The last porch light from the last house 
disappeared behind them. Bob wanted to cut her right then,wanted to feel her squirm as he shoved a 
screwdriver into her soft belly. But he was patient. 

"Lovers Park," said Bubbles. "There it is." 

And it was. A sign said "Johnston Park" and the road split of in three directions All of them lined with 
trees. Beautiful dark seclusion. 

Bob's boner was naging. He felt the heft and edge of the tools in the bag. He found a good spot, just under 
a large tree, and parked. 

Bubbles sighed and turned to face him. Bob unzipped the bag and reached inside. His hand closed on the 
scalpel.