me thank you for the interest received in reading your essay. Many thanks about the rabbits; your letter has 
been sent to Balfour: he is a very clever young man, and I believe owes his cleverness to Salisbury blood. This 
letter will not be worth your deciphering. I have almost finished Greg's "Enigmas." -412-6. "The Enigmas of 
Life," 1872.- It is grand poetry--but too Utopian and too full of faith for me; so that I have been rather
 disappointed. What do you think about it? He must be a delightful man. I doubt whether you have made clear 
 how the families on the Register are to be kept pure or superior, and how they are to be in course of time still 
 further improved. 
 
 LETTER 413. TO MAX MULLER. Down, July 3rd, 1873. -413-1. In June, 1873, Professor Max Muller 
 sent to Mr. Darwin a copy of the s ixth edition of his "Lectures on the Science of Language" -413-2. A reference to the 
 first edition occurs in "Life and Letters," II., page 390.-, with a letter concluding with thes e words: "I venture to 
 send you my three lectures, trusting that, though I differ from some of your conclusions, you will believe me to 
 be one of your diligent readers and sincere admirers."- I am much obliged for your kind note and present of 
 your lectures. I am extremely glad to have received them from you, and I had intended ordering them. I feel 
 quite sure from what I have read in your works that you would never say anything of an honest adversary to 
 which he would have any just right to object; and as for myself, you have often spoken highly of me--perhaps 
 more highly than I deserve. As far as language is concerned I am not worthy to be your adversary, as I know 
 extremely little about it, and that little learnt from very few books. I should have been glad to have avoided 
 the whole subject, but was compelled to take it up as well as I could. He who is fully convinced, as I am, that man is 
 descended from some lower animal, is almost forced to believe a priori that articulate language has been 
 developed from inarticulate cries -413-3. "Descent of Man" -1901-, page 133.-; and he is therefore hardly a fair 
 judge of the arguments opposed to this belief. -413-4. In O ctober, 1875, Mr. Darwin again wrote cordially to 
 Professor Max Muller on receipt of a pamphlet entitled "In Self-D efence" -413-5. Printed in "Chips from a 
 German Workshop," Volume IV., 1875, page 473.-, which is a reply to Professor Whitney's "Darwinism and 
 Language" in the "North American Review," July 1874. This essay had been brought before the "general 
 reader" in England by an article of Mr. G. Darwin's in the "Contemporary Review," November, 1874, page 894, 
 entitled, "Professor Whitney on the Origin of Language." The article was followed by "My reply to Mr. 
 Darwin," contributed by Professor Muller to the "Contemporary Review," January, 1875, page 305.- 
 
 LETTER 414. G. ROLLESTON TO CHARLES DARWIN. British Association, Bristol, August 30th, 1875. -414-1. 
 In the first edition of the "Descent of Man" Mr. Darwin wrote: "It is a more curious fact that savages did not 
 formerly was te away, as Mr. Bagehot has remarked, before the classical nations, as they now do before modern 
 civilised nations...-414-2. Bagehot, "Physics and Politics," "Fortnightly Review," April, 1868, page 455.- In the 
 second edition -page 183- the statement remains, but a mass of evidence -pages 183-92- is added, to which 
 reference occurs in the reply to the following letter.- At pages 4-5 of the enclosed Address -414-3. "British
 Association Reports," 1875, page 142.- you will find that I have controverted Mr. Bagehot's view as to the 
 extinction of the barbarians in the times of classical antiquity, as also the view of Poppig as to there being some 
 occult influence exercised by civilisation to the disadvantage of savagery when the two come into contact. I 
 write to say that I took up this subject without any wish to impugn any views of yours as such, but with the 
 desire of having my say upon certain anti-sanitarian transactions and malfeasance of which I had had a painful 
 experience. On reading however what I said, and had written somewhat hastily, it has struck me that what I 
 have said might bear the former interpretation in the eyes of persons who might not r ead other papers of mine, 
 and indeed other parts of the same Address, in which my adhesion, whatever it is worth, to your views in 
 general is plainly enough implied. I have ventured to write this explanation to you for several reasons. 
 
 LETTER 415. TO G. ROLLESTON. Bassett, Southampton, September 2nd -1875-. I am much obliged to you for 
 having sent me your Address, which has interested me greatly. I quite subscribe to what you say about Mr.
 Bagehot's striking remark, and wish I had not quoted it. I can perceive no sort of reflection or blame on 
 anything which I have written, and I know well that I deserve many a good s lap on the face. The decrease of 
 savage populations interests me much, and I should like you some time to look at a discussion on this subject 
 which I have introduced in the second edition of the "Descent of Man," and which you can find -for I have no 
 copy here- in the list of additions. The facts have convinced me that lessened fertility and the poor constitution 
 of the children is one chief cause of such decrease; and that the cas e is strictly parallel to the sterility of many 
 wild animals when made captive, the civilisation of savages and the captivity of wild animals leading to the 
 same result. 
 
 LETTER 416. TO ERNST KRAUSE. Down, June 30th, 1877. I have been much interested by your able argument 
 against the belief that the sense of colour has been recently acquired by man. -416-1. See "Kosmos," June 1877, 