"So," said Bubbles, "shall we get started?" 

"Yes," said Bob, breathless "Let's." 

Then he was momentarily blinded by headlights sweeping across the rar: A truck pulled in next to them 
and parked. Loud music thumped from it. Tvo teenagers inside started groping each other. Bob wanted 
to burst from the far and hack off hoth their heads. Wanted to ride home with their bloody heads 
knocking together in the trunk But that would scare Bubbles away. And she was the prize.

“Well," said Bubbles, "so much for privacy, huh?" 

Bob led the scalpel fall from his sweaty hand back into the bag. "No worries," he said. "There's plenty of 
other spots." 

His hands shaking, he started the car and pulled away from the tree. He drove 4s calmly as he could, his 
heart pounding. Just a few moments longer he told himself. Bubbles shifted in her seat next to him. Was 
she getting nervous? No bailing out now, Bubbles. 

Finally he found an empty gazebo. No cars were parked around it and the light post next to it seemed to 
have burned out. Perfect. He pulled in front of it and turned bff the engine. His sweaty hands let go of the 
keys. 

"Ah," said Bubbles. "Much better." 

“Yes," said Bob, reaching into the bag and finding the scalpel again. 

Bubbles grinned and wiped the corners of her mouth. 

Bob smiled back and shoved the scalpel into her neck. He waited for the screaming and the hot spurt of 
blood. 

But it didn't happen. Bubbles didn't scream Bubbles didn't bleed. Instead she chuckled. Bob was so 
surprised he let go of the stalpel. Bubbles calmly reached up, took hold of the scalpel and pulled it from 
her neck. No blood came from the small slit where it had been. Instead, a tiny bit of white light shone 
from it Bob blinked at it stupidly. 

Bubbles turned the scalpel one way and another, looking at it. "How considerate, Bob. She brought the 
scalpel up to her left hand. 

Bob watched in shock as she drug the blade in a neat line all the way around her wrist. More light spilled 
from the line. She dropped the scalpel and grabbed hold of her left hand. She pulled and with a slick, wet 
noise her left hand came off like a glove. 

She pulled it free find revealed a thick, shining metal hook. Light poured from the opening of her wrist, 
filling the car. Bob winced. The hook gleamed as she brought it up to him. 

"That's much better," she said and gouged the hook through Bob's neck. He pulled back but was too late. 
A huge chunk of his throat came free and he gurgled and bled down his shirt. His last sight was Bubbles, 
eating his flesh off the hook while white light bathed her bloody face. Bob was dead. 

The Hooker liked Bob. With her large freezer and secret combination of spices, he would last for months. 

Terry pulled his air into his parents' driveway and shifted into park. His father's car was there. He knew 
his mother would be gone for the weekend, but he had to tell them sometime. And if he waited, even a few 
days, he may no longer hate the guts. 

And he might as well tell Dad first. Get it out of the way. 

He considered not telling his parents at all. He considered going in, hanging out for the summer, and 
leaving. But he knew he couldn't do that. He'd told people at college what he was doing over break. 
What would they say if he came back and told them he'd Wilted? 

No, he knew what he had to do.