LETTER 729. TO J. JENNER WEIR. -729-1. On July 9th Mr. Weir wrote to say that a branch of the Cytisus had 
been despatched to Down. The present letter was doubtless written after Darwin had examined the specimen. In 
"Variation under Domestication," Edition II., Volume I., page 417, note, he gives for a case recorded in the 
"Gardeners' Chronicle" in 1857 the explanation here offered -viz. that the graft was not C. purpureus but C. 
Adami-, and adds, "I have ascertained that this occurred in another instance." This second instance is doubtless 
Mr. Weir's.- Down, July 10th, 1875. I do not know how to thank you enough; pray give also my thanks and kind r
emembrances to your brother. I am sure you will forgive m y expressing my doubts freely, as I well know that 
you desire the truth more than anything else. I cannot avoid the belief that some nurseryman has sold C-ytisus- 
Adami to your brother in place of the true C. purpureus. The latter is a little bush only 3 feet high -Loudon-, and 
when I read your account, it seemed to me a physical impossibility that a sporting branch of C. alpinus could 
grow to any size and be supported on the extremely delicate branches of C. purpureus. If I understand rightly 
your letter, you consider the tuft of small shoots on one side of the sporting C. alpinus from Weirleigh as C. 
purpureus; but these shoots are certainly those of C. Adam i. I earnestly beg you to look at the specimens 
enclosed. The branch of the true C. purpureus is the largest which I could find. If C. Adam i was sold to your 
brother as C. purpureus, everything is explained; for then the gardener has grafted C. Adami on C. alpinus, and 
the former has sported in the usual manner; but has not sported into C. purpureus, only into C. alpinus. C. 
Adami does not sport less frequently into C. purpur eus than into C. alpinus. Are the purple flowers borne on 
moderately long racemes? If so, the plant is certainly C. Adami, for the true C. purpureus bears flowers close to 
the branches. I am very sorry to be so troublesome, but I am very anxious to hear again from you. C. purpureus 
bears "flowers axillar y, solitary, stalked." P.S.--I think you said that the purple -tr ee- at Weirleigh does not 
seed, whereas the C. purpureus seeds freely, as you may see in enclosed. C. Adami never produces seeds or 
pods. 

LETTER 730. TO E. HACKEL. -730-1. The following extract refers to Darwin's book on "Cross and Self- 
Fertilisation."- November 13th, 1875. I am now busy in drawing up an account of ten years' experiments in the 
growth and fertility of plants raised from crossed and self-fertilised flowers. It is really wonderful what an effect 
pollen from a distinct seedling plant, which has been exposed to different conditions of life, has on the offspring 
in comparison with pollen from the same flower or from a distinct individual, but which has been long subjected 
to the same conditions. The subject bears on the very principle of life, which seems almost to require changes in 
the conditions. 

LETTER 731. TO G.J. ROMANES. -731-1. The following extract from a letter to Romanes refers to Francis 
Darwin's paper, "Experiments on the Nutrition of Drosera rotundifolia." "Linn. Soc. Journ." -1878-, published 
1880, page 17.- August 9th -1876-. The second point which delights m e, seeing that half a score of botanists 
throughout Europe have published that the digestion of meat by plants is of no use to them -a mere pathological
 phenomenon, as one man says!-, is that Frank has been feeding under exactly similar conditions a large number 
 of plants of Drosera, and the effect is wonderful. On the fed side the leaves are much larger, differently 
 coloured, and more numerous; flower-stalks taller and more numerous, and I believe far more seed capsules,-- 
 but these not yet counted. It is particularly interesting that the leaves fed on m eat contain very many more 
 starch granules -no doubt owing to more protoplasm being first formed-; so that sections stained with iodine, of 
 fed and unfed leaves, are to the naked eye of very different colours. There, I have boasted to m y hear t's content, 
 and do you do the same, and tell me what you have been doing. 
 
 LETTER 732. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, October 25th -1876-. If you can put the following request into any 
 one's hands pray do so; but if not, ignore my request, as I know how busy you are. I want any and all plants of 
 Hoya examined to see if any imperfect flowers like the one enclosed can be found, and if so to send them to me, 
 per post, damp. But I especially want them as young as possible. They are very curious. I have examined some 
 sent me from Abinger -732-1. Lord Farrer's house.-, but they were a month or two too old, and every trace of 
 pollen and anthers had disappeared or had never been developed. Yet a very fine pod with apparently good seed 
 had been formed by one such flower. -732-2. The seeds did not germinate; see the account of Hoya carnosa in 
 "Forms of Flowers," page 331.- 
 
 LETTER 733. TO G.J. ROMANES. -733-1. Published in the "Life of Romanes," page 62.- Down, August 10th - 1
 877-. When I went yesterday I had not received to-day's "Nature," and I thought that your lecture was finished. 
 -733-2. Abstract of a lecture on "Evolution of Nerves and Nervo-Systems," delivered at the Royal Institution, 
 May 25th, 1877. "Nature," July 19th, August 2nd, August 9th, 1877.- This final part is one of the grandest 
 essays which I ever read. It was very foolish of me to demur to your lines of conveyance like the threads in 
 muslin -733-3. "Nature," August 2nd, page 271.-, knowing how you have considered the subject: but still I must

