"Do they live nearby?" Against all reason, Maggie wanted to learn more about him. Much more. 

"In Tucson. But they get up here a couple of times a year. Your folks?"

She found herself telling him about her mother's death, her competitive brothers and her father's 
insistence that she learn to take care of herself. Was she ratlling on out of nervousness or was he just 
easy to talk to? 

"So you like being on your own?" he asked, setting down his empty mug. 

"I'm not a loner, if that's what you mean." 

"More like 'self-sufficient,' then. That's how you phrased it earlier." 

"When I'm in charge of me I don't worry. Relationships can be...scary".

 "Tell me about it." 
 
 Maggie glanced up, startled by his pained tone. "Henry's mother?" 
 
 "It's not a pretty story. Trisha never wanted children. Her career was everything to her. I knew that but I 
 pushed her into parenthood...I'd arrogantly believed that once we had Henry, her goals and priorities 
 might change, as mine did." 
 
She found herself gripping his hand, her heart aching. "And they didn't?" 

"No. When Henry was four Trisha got the break she'd been waiting for and her career took off. She was 
constantly in demand and traveled all over the world on shoots. It was her dream, but it was hard on all 
of us every time she had to leave. Eventually she came to the conclusion that it would be easier for 
everyone if she was never there at all. We don't see her anymore." 

A moment passed Then Eric released Maggie's hand and stood. "Let's get you settled." 

They took the empty mugs to the kitchen before he led her down the hall to Henry's room. "if you don't 
mind sleeping with a dog at the foot of the bed, you should be comfortable. The sheets are clean."
 
Her heart ached with that reminder of all the responsibilities Eric shouldered done. "I'll be fine. I'm 
grateful for your hospitality." 

He flipped on the bedside lamp and paused uncertainly. "If you'd prefer my room-" 

"No!" Maggie mentally kicked herself. She hadn't meant to be so vehement, and she found herself 
wanting to touch him, to reassure him that his kindness on her behalf was appreciated. There was 
tension between them, but the good kind-like waiting to jump from the high diving board for the first 
time. 

"Maggle, I-" he said at the same moment she laid d hand on his shoulder and uttered his name. Gently 
he removed her hand, holding it between both of his. In his eyes she read his struggle. "For the first time 
in ages I feel like kissing someone. His voice thickened. "You." 

An ocean roared in her ears. "Is that wise?"

"Wise? No." With a deep sigh, he ran a finger slowly down her cheek'll see yon in the morning. 

In Henry's bed later, cuddling his stuffed monkey and listening to Sundance's soft snores, Maggie 
replayed the scene again and again. Something was happening between her and Eric.
 
Just before her eyes closed she remembered Weezel's word. 

She'd pushed him away at first, but now... Perhaps more than one bear had risked coming out of the cave 
tonight.

Sunlight streamed through the window and the smell of bacon tweaked her nose. Confused by the 
unfamiliar surroundings, Maggie sat up, orjenting herself. Henry's bedroom. Eric's house. Then the 
memory of last night surfaced, along with the startling realization that she'd wanted Eric to kiss her. It 
scared her.