the U.S. Department of Agriculture," 1898. The Cicada lives for long periods underground as larva and pupa, 
so that swarms of the adults of one race -septendecim- appear at intervals of 17 years, while those of the 
southern form or race -tr edecim- appear at intervals of 13 years. This fact was first made out by Phares in 
1845, but was overlooked or forgotten, and was only re- dis covered by Walsh and Riley in 1868, who published 
a joint paper in the "American Entomologist," Volume I., page 63. Walsh appears to have adhered to the view 
that the 13- and 17-year forms are distinct species, though, as we gather from Mar latt's paper -page 14-, he 
published a letter to Mr. Darwin in which he speaks of the 13-year form as an incipient species; see "Index to 
Missouri Entomolog. Reports Bull. 6," U.S.E.C., page 58 -as given by Marlatt-. With regard to the cause of the 
difference in period of the two forms, Marlatt -pages 15, 16- refers doubtfully to difference of temperature as 
the determining factor. Experiments have been instituted by moving 17-year eggs to the south, and vice versa 
with 13-year eggs. The results were, however, not known at the time of publication of Mar latt's paper.- I am 
very much obliged for the extracts about the "drumming," which will be of r eal us e to me. I do not at all know 
what to think of your extraordinary case of the Cicadas. Professor Asa Gray and Dr. Hooker were staying here, 
and I told them of the facts. They thought that the 13-year and the 17-year forms ought not to be ranked as 
distinct species, unless other differences besides the period of development could be discovered. They thought 
the mere rarity of variability in such a point was not sufficient, and I think I concur with them. The fact of both 
the forms presenting the same case of dimorphism is very curious. I have long wished that some one would 
dissect the forms of the male stag-beetle with smaller mandibles, and see if they wer e well developed, i.e., 
whether there was an abundance of spermatozoa; and the sam e observations ought, I think, to be made on the 
rarer form of your Cicada. Could you not get some observer, such as Dr. Hartman -453-2. Mr. Walsh sent Mr. 
Darwin an extract from Dr. Hartman's "Journal of the doings of a Cicada septendecim," in which the females 
are described as flocking round the drumming males. "Descent of Man" -1901-, page 433.-, to note whether the 
females flocked in equal numbers to the "drumming" of the rarer form as to the common form? You have a very 
curious and perplexing subject of investigation, and I wish you success in your work. 

LETTER 454. TO A.R. WALLACE. Down, June 15th -1869?-. You must not suppose from my delay that I have 
not been much interested by your long letter. I write now merely to thank you, and just to say that probably you 
are right on all the points you touch on, except, as I think, about sexual selection, which I will not give up. My 
belief in it, however, is contingent on my general belief in sexual selection. It is an awful stretcher to believe 
that a peacock's tail was thus formed; but, believing it, I believe in the same principle somewhat modified 
applied to man. LETTER 455. TO G.H.K. THWAITES. Down, Februar y 13th -N.D.- I wrote a little time ago 
asking you an odd question about elephants, and now I am going to ask you an odder. I hope that you will not 
think me an intolerable bore. It is most improbable that you could get m e an answer, but I ask on mere chance. 
Macacus silenus -455-1. Macacus silenus L., an Indian ape.- has a great mane of hair round neck, and passing 
into large whiskers and beard. Now what I want most especially to know is whether these monkeys, when they 
fight in confinement -and I have seen it stated that they are sometimes kept in confinement-, are protected from 
bites by this mane and beard. Any one who watched them fighting would, I think, be able to judge on this head. 
My object is to find out with various animals how far the mane is of any us e, or a mere ornament. Is the male 
Macacus silenus furnished with longer hair than the female about the neck and face? As I said, it is a hundred 
or a thousand to one against your finding out any one who has kept these monkeys in confinement. 

LETTER 456. TO F. MULLER. Down, August 28th -1870-. I have to thank you very sincerely for two letters: 
one of April 25th, containing a very curious account of the structure and morphology of Bonatea. I feel that it is 
quite a sin that your letters should not all be published! but, in truth, I have no spare strength to undertake any 
extra work, which, though slight, would follow from seeing your letters in English through the press--not but 
that you write almost as clearly as any Englishman. This same letter also contained some seeds for Mr. Farrer, 
which he was very glad to receive. Your second letter, of July 5th, was chiefly devoted to mimicry in 
lepidoptera: many of your remarks seem to m e so good, that I have forwarded your letter to Mr. Bates; but he is 
out of London having his summer holiday, and I have not yet heard from him. Your remark about imitators and 
imitated being of such different sizes, and the lower surface of the wings not being altered in colour, strike me 
as the most curious points. I should not be at all surprised if your suggestion about sexual selection were to 
prove true; but it seems rather too speculative to be introduced in m y book, more especially as my book is 
already far too speculative. The very same difficulty about br ightly coloured caterpillars had occurred to me, 
and you will see in my book what, I believe, is the true explanation from Wallace. The same view probably 
applies in par t to gaudy butterflies. My MS. is sent to the printers, and, I suppose, will be published in about 
three months: of course I will send you a copy. By the way, I settled with Murray recently with respect to your


