The table was clear except for alone hammer. Again, Samarished the urge to groan. He'd used that 
hammer earlier, then laid it on the table afterwards 

"Now," said Dad as they cane to a stop. "You managed to get the hammer all the way back to the table. 
Would it have been so hard to finish the trip to here" He indicated the two hooks the hammer normally 
laid across. 

For pete's sake, Dad, Sam thought.'No," was what he said. 

"You have to keep things under control, Sam. You can't just let things go wild." 

How about I take that hanimer and knock you over the head old man Sam thought, unable to beat back 
a smirk. Who'd be in control then? 

"I know," was what he said. 

"Well, if you do," said Dad, "then please act on that knowledge." 

Sam sighed and moved the hammer to its proper spot. 

"And don't sigh at me, sprout," said Dad. "Now go finish your lunch. Your brother will be home soon." 

It was true. Terry was coming home for the summer. His big brother, off at college, back to his roots for a 
few months. It would be fun to see Terry, but truthfully Sam'ss mind was on something else.

The basement. 

Sam had seen Dad's work room. The other night, held gotten in. 

Dad had been asleep in front of the TV, a bunch of school papers in his lap. Mon had already gone to bed. 
Terry was at that college in some other state. Sam had his opportunity. 

He tiptoed down the stairs thankful for the carpet. He paused at the bottom, listening for his father's 
loud snoring. He heard it, from upstairs, and smiled. He slipped a key from his shorts pocket. The key he'd 
from his parents' dresser. He pushed it into the lock and turned it. The handle clicked and the 
door swung open. 

Inside was darkness. Sam frowned Where was the precious balance of light his father spoke of? Maybe 
this wasn't the real work room, maybe it was further inside. 

He felt around for a switch and found it. He flicked the switch up and several bulbs came alive, lighting 
the room. A long hallway stretched from the door to a desk at the other end. The desk was piled with 
papers and some equipment Sam didn't recognize. 

But timing the hat way, all up and down from floor to ceiling were shelves and shelves of plants. Big, 
leafy things with long stalks and leathery skin. All of them slumped towards the floor. 

Had his father just left all these plants in the dark to die? Surely not. If that were the case, they wouldn't 
look as healthy as they did they were big, rich, robust-looking plants Just sitting in the dark and 
slumping. 

Sam frowned, not knowing what to think. 

He walked down the hallway. The plants towered over him as he passed. Their presence made him 
nervous. He felt, crazily, that they were watching him. Waiting for something. Finally, he reached the 
desk. There were papers piled everywhere which Sam couldn't decipher. Above the desk was the small 
window that looked out into the front yard. Dad always kept it heavily curtained. 

Also on the desk were a bunch of electronics Sam had never seen before. All had exposed wires and black 
tape wrapped around them. Like Sam's father had made them himself. Among them was something that 
looked like a TV remote with a radio antenna stuck to the end. Sam picked it up and looked it over. 
Curiosity got the better of him and he pressed a button. 

Suddenly he felt something in the room with him. He heard a rustling from behind. 

He turned and it took a few moments to register what he was seeing.