LETTER 701. TO T.H. FARRER -Lord Farrer-. Down, August 10th, 1869. Your view seems most ingenious and 
probable; but ascertain in a good many cases that the nectar is actually within the staminal tube. -701-1. It 
seems that Darwin did not know that the s taminal tube in the diadelphous Leguminosae s erves as a nectar- 
holder, and this is surprising, as Sprengel was aware of the fact.- One can see that if there is to be a split in the 
tube, the law of symmetry would lead it to be double, and so free one stamen. Your view, if confirmed, would be 
extremely well worth publication before the Linnean Society. It is to me delightful to see what appears a mere 
morphological character found to be of use. It pleases me the more as Car l Nageli has lately been pitching into 
me on this head. Hooker, with whom I discussed the subject, maintained that uses would be found for lots more 
structures, and cheered m e by throwing my own or chids into my teeth. -701-2. See Letters 697-700.- All that you 
say about changed position of the peduncle in bud, in flower, and in seed, is quite new to me, and reminds me of 
analogous cases with tendrils. -701-3. See Vochting, "Bewegung der Bluthen und Fruchte," 1882; also Kerner, 
"Pflanzenleben," Volume I., page 494, Volume II., page 121.- This is well worth working out, and I dare say the 
brush of the stigma. With respect to the hairs or filaments -about which I once spoke- within different parts of 
flowers, I have a splendid Tacsonia with perfectly pendent flowers, and there is only a microscopical vestige of 
the corona of coloured filam ents; whilst in most common passion-flowers the flowers stand upright, and there is 
the splendid corona which apparently would catch pollen. -701-4. Sprengel -"Entdeckte Geheimniss," page 164- 
imagined that the crown of the Passion-flower served as a nectar-guide and as a platform for insects, while 
other rings of filaments served to keep rain from the nectar. F. Muller, quoted in H. Muller -"Fertilisation," 
page 268-, looks at the crowns of hairs, ridges in some species, etc., as gratings serving to imprison flies which 
attract the fertilising humming-birds. There is, we believe, no evidence that the corona catches pollen. See 
Letter 704, note.- On the lower side of corolla of foxglove there are some fine hairs, but these seem of not the 
least use -701-5. It has been suggested that the hairs serve as a ladder for humble bees; also that they serve to 
keep out "unbidden guests."---a mere purposeless exaggeration of down on outside--as I conclude after 
watching the bees at work, and afterwards covering up some plants; for the protected flowers rarely set any 
seed, so that the hairy lower part of corolla does not com e into contact with stigma, as some Frenchman says 
occurs with some other plants, as Viola odorata and I think Iris. I heartily wish I could accept your kind 
invitation, for I am not by nature a savage, but it is impossible. Forgive my dreadful handwriting, none of my 
womenkind are about to act as amanuens is. 

LETTER 702. TO WILLIAM C. TAIT. -702-1. Mr. Tait, to whom the following letter is addressed, was resident 
in Portugal. H is kindness in sending plants of Drosophyllum lusitanicum is acknowledged in "Insectivorous 
Plants."- Down, March 12th, 1869. I have received your two letters of March 2nd and 5th, and I really do not 
know how to thank you enough for your extraordinary kindness and energy. I am glad to hear that the 
inhabitants notice the power of the Drosophyllum to catch flies, for this is the subject of my studies. -702-2. The 
natives are said to hang up plants of Drosophyllum in their cottages to act as fly-papers -"Insectivorous 
Plants," page 332-.- I have observed during s everal years the manner in which this is effected, and the results 
produced in several species of Drosera, and in the wonderful Am erican Dionoea, the leaves of which catch 
insects just like a steel rat-trap. Hence I was most anxious to learn how the Drosophyllum would act, so that the 
Director of the Royal Gardens at Kew wrote some years ago to Portugal to obtain specimens for me, but quite 
failed. So you see what a favour you have conferred on me. With Drosera it is nothing less than marvellous how 
minute a fraction of a grain of any nitrogenised matter the plant can detect; and how differently it behaves when 
matter, not containing nitrogen, of the same cons istence, whether fluid or solid, is applied to the glands. It is 
also exquisitely sensitive to a weight of even the 1-70000 of a grain. From what I can see of the glands on 
Drosophyllum I suspect that I shall find only the commencement, or nascent state of the wonderful capacities of 
the Drosera, and this will be eminently interesting to me. My MS. on this subject has been nearly ready for 
publication during some years, but when I shall have strength and time to publish I know not. And now to turn 
to other points in your letter. I am quite ignorant of ferns, and cannot name your specimen. The variability of 
ferns passes all bounds. With respect to your Laugher Pigeons, if the same with the two sub-breeds which I kept, 
I feel sure from the structure of the skeleton, etc., that it is a descendant of C. livia. In regard to beauty, I do not 
feel the difficulty which you and some others experience. In the last edition of my "Origin" I have discussed the 
question, but necessarily very briefly. -702-3. Four th Edition, page 238.- A new and I hope amended edition of 
the "Origin" is now passing through the press, and will be published in a month or two, and it will give me great 
pleasure to send you a copy. Is there any place in London where parcels are received for you, or shall I send it 
by post? With reference to dogs' tails, no doubt you are aware that a rudimentary stump is regularly inherited 
by certain breeds of sheep-dogs, and by Manx cats. You speak of a change in the position of the axis of the 
earth: this is a subject quite beyond me, but I believe the astronomers reject the idea. Nevertheless, I have long


