The plants were moving. 

At first he thought there must be a breeze. But there was no wind of any kind. And the plants didn't look 
like they were being moved by wind. They were moving themselves. Straining against their pots, 
writhing, reaching. 

For him. 

He let out a little fell and tossed the remote down. He ran past the plants, not even looking to see if they 
were still moving He snapped off the light and slammed the door shut. He locked it as fast as he could 
and rated up the stairs. He tripped over the bottom stair and slammed his knees into the kitchen 
linoleum with a big thump. 

His breath caught in his throat and he listened. Had his father heard? 

Snoring still came from the living room. 

Sam let out a little sigh and walked, shaken to his own room and shut the door He hid the key under his 
mattress until he could return it unseen. 

Sam was unable to sleep a first. He was terrified. He would lose his eyes and see the plants moving. He 
would open them and imagine he heard rustling. 

He would have to tell Mom Dad would be furious, but he had to tell someone. Mom would understand 
and would make sense of it all. 

As the night stretched on, though, he thought again He thought of the remote in his hands, making the 
plants dance. He thought of bringing other kids down there, showing them how he could control the 
plants. Maybe he could even bring David Newton, that pig-faced bully down there. Make the plants 
writhe until Newton shit himself with fear. 

So he kept his discovery to himself and slept And whenever fear grew in him, whenever he had a 
nightmare of grotesque malformed plants reaching for him he would mentally replace himself with 
David Newton. And smile. 

San thought about that and finished his sandwich. His face was hot and his back was tight. Geez, Dad, 
it's just a hammer. 

He heard a car door shut outside. Then keys rattling outside the front door. 

"Terry's home!" Sam called and stood. 

"Sure sounds like it," said Dad, walking through the kitchen to the living room. 

Sam followed and saw Terry coming through the door. He looked ... well, he looked like an adult. It was 
strange. It made sam feel isolated. Everyone else was an adult. 

"Hey, Dad," said Terry. "Hey, Sammo!" he waved at Sam. 

Sam planted his hands in his pockets and looked at the floor "Hey." 

Terry frowned. "You alright there, buddy?" 

"I guess," said Sam. 

"He's just a little grumpy," said Dad. "You know teenagers." 

"Hey, yeah," said ferry. "Junior High next year, huh?" Then his face shifted, became more serious. 
"Speaking of school, I need to tell you something, Dad." 

Sure thing, sport, said Dad. "Decided to come to your senses and transfer to college here in town? 

"No, no," said Terry, shifting a little in the entryway and setting his suitcase down. "I've just learned a 
few things at school and I need to tell you something. Sam, can I have few seconds alone with Dad?" 

Dad frowned, then smiled. "Whatever you want, Terry. Hey Sam? Why don't you go clean up your dishes. 
Remember, plates in the bottom rack,glasses on top."