you murdered her, and that I helped you, and with appearances so strong against us that the mothers who bore 
us would not believe in our innocence! Damn the women! The burying of that girl was the best deed I did for 
one of the sex in my life, but it will be the worst if you breath one word of it to Angelique des Meloises, or to any 
other person living. I am not ready to lo e my head yet, Bigot, for the sake of any woman, or even for you!" The 
Intendant was staggered by the vehemence of Cadet, and impressed by the force of his remarks. It was hard to 
sit down quietly and condone such a crime, but he saw clearly the danger of pushing inquiry in any direction 
without turning suspicion upon himself. H e boiled with indignation. He fumed and swore worse than his wont 
when angry, but Cadet looked on quietly, smoking his pipe, waiting for the storm to calm down. "You were never 
in a woman's clutches so tight before, Bigot," continued Cadet. "If you let La Pompadour suspect one hair 
of your head in this matter, she will spin a cart-rope out of it that will drag you to the Place de Greve." "Reason 
tells me that what you say is true, Cadet," replied Bigot, gloomily. 

"To be sure; but is not Angelique a clever witch to bind Francois Bigot neck and heels in that way, after fairly 
outwitting and running him down?" Cadet's cool comments drove Bigot beside himself. "I will not stand it; by 
St. Maur! she shall pay for all this! I, who have caught women all m y life, to be caught by one thus! she shall 
pay for it!" "Well, make her pay for it by marrying her!" replied Cadet. "Par Dieu! I am mistaken if you have 
not got to marry her in the end! I would marry her myself, if you do not, only I should be afraid to sleep nights! 
I might be put under the floor before morning if she liked another man better!" Cadet gave way to a feeling of 
hilarity at this idea, shaking his sides so long and heartily that Bigot caught the infection, and joined in with a 
burst of sardonic laughter. Bigot's laughter was soon over. He sat down at the table again, and, being now 
calm, considered the whole matter over, point by point, with Cadet, who, though coarse and unprincipled, was a 
shrewd counsellor in difficulties. It was determined between the two men that nothing whatever should be said 
of the assassination. Bigot should continue his gallantries to Angelique, and avoid all show of suspicion in that 
quarter. He should tell her of the disappearance of Caroline, who had gone away mysteriously as she came, but 
profess absolute ignorance as to her fate. Angelique would be equally cautious in alluding to the murder; she 
would pretend to accept all his statements as absolute fact. H er tongue, if not her thoughts, would be sealed up 
in perpetual silence on that bloody topic. Bigot must feed her with hopes of marriage, and if necessary set a day 
for it, far enough off to cover all the time to be taken up in the search after Caroline. "I will never marry her, 
Cadet!" exclaimed Bigot, "but will make her regret all her life she did not marry me!" "Take care, Bigot! It is 
dangerous playing with fire. You don't half know Angelique." "I mean she shall pull the chestnuts out of the fire 
for me with her pr etty fingers, until she burn them," remarked Bigot, gruffly. "I would not trust her too far! In 
all seriousness, you have but the choice of two things, Bigot: marry her or send her to the Convent." "I would 
not do the one, and I could not do the other, Cadet," was Bigot's prompt reply to this suggestion. "Tut! Mere 
Migeon de la Nativite will respect your lettre de cachet, and provide a close, comfortable cell for this 
pretty penitent in the Ursulines," said Cadet. "Not she! Mere Migeon gave me one of her parlor-lectures once, and I 
care not for another. Egad, Cadet! she made me the nearest of being ashamed of Francois Bigot of any one I 
ever listened to! Could you have seen her, with her veil thrown back, her pale face still paler with indignation, 
her black eyes looking still blacker beneath the white fillet upon her forehead, and then her tongue, Cadet! 
Well, I withdrew my proposal and felt myself rather cheapened in the presence of Mere Migeon." 

"Ay, I hear she is a clipper when she gets a sinner by the hair! What was the proposal you made to her, Bigot?" 
asked Cadet, smiling as if he knew. "Oh, it was not worth a livre to make such a row about! I only proposed to 
send a truant damsel to the Convent to repent of MY faults, that was all! But I could never dispose of Angelique 
in that way," continued the Intendant, with a shrug. "Egad! she will fool any man faster than he can make a fool 
of her! But I would try Mere Migeon, notwithstanding," replied Cadet. "She is the only one to break in this wild 
filly and nail her tongue fast to her prayers!" "It is useless tr ying. They know Angelique too well. She would turn 
the Convent out of the windows in the time of a neuvaine. They are all really afraid of her," replied Bigot. "Then 
you must marry her, or do worse, Bigot. I see nothing else for it," was Cadet's reply. "Well, I will do worse, if 
worse can be; for marry her I will not!" said Bigot, s tamping his foot upon the floor. "It is understood, then, 
Bigot, not a word, a hint, a look is to be given to Angelique regarding your suspicions of her complicity in this 
murder?" "Yes, it is understood. The secret is like the devil's tontine,--he catches the last possessor of it." "I 
expect to be the last, then, if I keep in your company, Bigot," remarked Cadet. Cadet having settled this point to 
his mind, reclined back in his easy chair and smoked on in silence, while the Intendant kept walking the floor 
anxiously, because he saw farther than his companion the shadows of coming events. Sometimes he stopped 
impatiently at the window, beating a tattoo with his nails on the polished casement as he gazed out upon the

