fight a duel with Le Gardeur or his fr iend. The reckless De Lantagnac asserted loudly, he "did not care a straw 
which!" 

Le Gardeur and De Lantagnac rode furiously through the market, heedless of what they encountered or whom 
they ran over, and wer e followed by a yell of indignation from the people, who recognized them as gentlemen of 
the Grand Company. It chanced that at that moment a poor almsman of the Bourgeois Philibert was humbly and 
quietly leaning on his crutches, listening with bowing head and smiling lips to the kind inquiries of his
 benefactor as he received his accustom ed alms. De Lantagnac rode up furiously, followed by Le Gardeur. De 
 Lantagnac recognized the Bourgeois, who stood in his way talking to the crippled soldier. He cursed him 
 between his teeth, and lashed his horse with intent to r ide him down as if by accident. The Bourgeois saw them 
 approach and motioned them to s top, but in vain. The horse of De Lantagnac just swerved in its course, and 
 without checking his speed ran over the crippled man, who instantly rolled in the dust, his face streaming with 
 blood from a sharp stroke of the horse's shoe upon his forehead. Immediately following De Lantagnac came Le 
 Gardeur, lashing his horse and yelling like a demon to all to clear the way. The Bourgeois was startled at this 
 new danger, not to himself,--he thought not of himself,--but to the bleeding man lying prostrate upon the 
 ground. He sprang forward to prevent Le Gardeur's horse going over him. He did not, in the haste and 
 confusion of the moment, recognize Le Gardeur, who, inflam ed with wine and frantic with passion, was almost 
 past recognition by any who knew him in his normal state. Nor did Le Gardeur, in his frenzy, recognize the 
 presence of the Bourgeois, whose voice calling him by name, with an appeal to his better nature, would 
 undoubtedly have checked his headlong career. The moment was critical. It was one of those points of time 
 where the threads of many lives and many destinies cross and intersect each other, and thence part different 
 ways, leading to life or death, happiness or despair, forever! Le Gardeur spurred his horse madly over the 
 wounded man who lay upon the ground; but he did not hear him, he did not see him. Let it be said for Le 
 Gardeur, if aught can be said in his defence, he did not see him. His horse was just about to trample upon the 
 prostrate cripple lying in the dust, when his bridle was suddenly and firmly seized by the hand of the Bourgeois, 
 and his horse wheeled round with such violence that, rearing back upon his haunches, he almost threw his rider 
 headlong. Le Gardeur, not knowing the reason of this sudden inter ference, and flaming with wrath, leaped to 
 the ground just at the moment when Angelique and De Pean rode up. Le Gardeur neither knew nor cared at that 
 moment who his antagonist was; he saw but a bold, presumptuous man who had seized his bridle, and whom it 
 was his desire to punish on the spot. De Pean recognized the stately figure and fearless look of the Bourgeois 
 confronting Le Gardeur. 
 
 The triumph of the Friponne was at hand. De Pean rubbed his hands with ecstasy as he called out to Le 
 Gardeur, his voice ringing above the din of the crowd, "Achevez- le! Finish him, Le Gardeur!" Angelique sat 
 upon her horse fixed as a statue and as pale as marble, not at the danger of the Bourgeois, whom she at once 
 recognized, but out of fear for her lover, exposed to the menaces of the crowd, who were all on the side of the 
 Bourgeois. Le Gardeur leaped down from his horse and advanced with a terrible imprecation upon the 
 Bourgeois, and struck him with his whip. The brave old merchant had the soul of a marshal of France. His 
 blood boiled at the insult; he raised his staff to ward off a second blow and struck Le Gardeur sharply upon the 
 wrist, making his whip fly out of his hand. Le Gardeur instantly advanced again upon him, but was pressed back 
 by the habitans, who rushed to the defence of the Bourgeois. Then came the tempter to his ear,--a word or two, 
 and the fate of many innocent lives was decided in a moment! Le Gardeur suddenly felt a hand laid upon his 
 shoulder, and heard a voice, a woman's voice, speaking to him in passionate tones. Angelique had forced her 
 horse into the thick of the crowd. She was no longer calm, nor pale with apprehens ion, but her face was flushed 
 redder than fir e, and her eyes, thos e magnetic orbs which drove men mad, blazed upon Le Gardeur with all 
 their terrible influence. She had s een him struck by the Bourgeois, and her anger was equal to his own. De Pean 
 saw the opportunity. "Angelique," exclaimed he, "the Bourgeois strikes Le Gardeur! What an outrage! Can you 
 bear it?" "Never!" replied she; "neither shall Le Gardeur!" With a plunge of her horse she forced her way close 
 to Le Gardeur, and, leaning over him, laid her hand upon his shoulder and exclaimed in a voice choking with 
 passion,-- "Comment, Le Gardeur! vous souffrez qu'un Malva comme ca vous abime de coups, et vous portez 
 l'epee!" 
 
 "What, Le Gardeur! you allow a ruffian like that to load you with blows, and you wear a sword!" It was enough! 
 That look, that word, would have made Le Gardeur slaughter his father at that moment. As tonished at the sight 
 of Angelique, and maddened by her words as much as by the blow he had received, Le Gardeur swore he would 
 have revenge upon the spot. With a wild cry and the strength and agility of a panther he twisted himself out of 
 the grasp of the habitans, and drawing his sword, before any man could stop him, thrust it to the hilt through