He lifted the tongue of his shoe and looked inside Four blades of grass thrust up through the sole and 
sat, bloody, inside. 

This is crazy, he thought and tried to stand. The pain was too much and he fell forward, catching himself 
with both palms on the grass. 

The grass fired up through his hands, spattering his own blood in his eyes. He streamed as the grass 
bent over, gripping his hands to the ground Blood coursed between the blades and into the dirt. 

He struggled, screaming, to pull himself free. The grass, impossibly strong, held him fast. Pain pierced 
his legs and knees and he knew the grass was pinning him further. 

He was panicking now, tugging and pulling like an animal He couldnt move. The blades of grass in front 
of his face began to turn and bend. They were twisting around each other, forming a single thick cylinder 
of grass.

"No! No!" screamed Terry, pulling. He couldn't move He bellowed, mouth open, at the grass. The cylinder 
shot up, into his mouth. He felt pain in the back of his head. Then liquid running down his back. He saw 
his own blood run out of his mouth and pool on the ground. Then he saw nothing. 

Sam finished putting the dishes in the washer and shut the front He stared out the window just above 
the sink.

He didn't know what to think about Terry being gay He'd never really thought about it one way or the 
other. Terry was just Terry. His brother. He didn't see what difference it made if he liked girls or guys. 

He felt bad then for his earlier mumbled greeting. He decided he would go greet Terry properly and let 
him know it was fine if he was gay. 

He walked out of the kitchen and into the living room. He opened the front door and stepped out, bracing 
for the summer heat. 

And stopped cold in the middle of the porch. 

Terry lay dead a few feet from the mower. 

Blood was all over him, running from holes punched through his body Blood pooled next to him, 
mingling in dirt and grass. 

Sam stared, unable at first to grasp what he was seeing. 

"Terry?" he said, knowing Terry was past hearing. 

Then he screamed "Dad!" and ran back into the house, leaving the door open. 

He raced from room to room, yelling for his father. But all of the rooms were empty. 

Downstairs, Sam thought. He ran around the corner and down the stairs in one motion, almost falling. 
He ran to the door to his father's work room and raised a hand to knock. 

Then he saw the door was partly open. 

He pushed it the rest of the way. The light was on but his Dad was nowhere to be seen. 

"Dad?' he asked, stepping further into the room. He walked past the shelves of plants to the desk at the 
end. No Dad. 

Then he saw the curtain was pulled back from the tiny window that looked out into the yard. He saw 
movement outside and stood on his tip-toes peering out past two large thick-leaved plants framing the 
window. 

His father stood over Terri's body. But his father didn't scream or cry or look around in horror. He just 
bent down and slung Terry over his shoulder. Then calmly walked out of view.