abominate Glen Roy and all its belongings. It certainly is a splendid case, and wonderful monument of the old 
Ice-period. You ought to give a woodcut. How many have blundered over those horrid shelves! That was a 
capital paper by Jamieson in the last "Geol. Journal." -528-1. "On the Drift and Rolled Gravel of the North of 
Scotland," "Quart. Journ. Geol. Soc." Volume XVI., page 347, 1860.- I was never before fully convinced of the 
land glacialisation of Scotland before, though Chambers tried hard to convince me. I must say I differ rather 
about Ramsay's paper; perhaps he pushes it too far. -528-2. "On the G lacial Origin of Certain Lakes, etc." 
"Quart. Journ. Geol. Soc." Volume XVIII., page 185. See Letter 503.- It struck me the more from remembering 
some years ago marvelling what could be the meaning of such a multitude of lakes in Fries land and other 
northern districts. Ramsay wrote to me, and I suggested that he ought to compare mountainous tropical regions 
with northern regions. I could not remember many lakes in any mountainous tropical country. When Tyndall 
talks of every valley in Switzerland being formed by glaciers, he seems to forget there are valleys in the tropics; 
and it is monstrous, in m y opinion, the accounting for the Glacial period in the Alps by greater height of 
mountains, and their lessened height, if I understand, by glacial erosion. "Ne sutor ultra crepidam," I think, 
applies in this cas e to him. I am hard at work on "Variation under Domestication." -528-3. Published 1868.- 
P.S.--I am rather overwhelmed with letters at present, and it has just occurred to me that perhaps you will 
forward my note to Mr. Jamieson; as it will show that I entirely yield. I do believe every word in my Glen Roy 
paper is false. 

LETTER 529. TO C. LYELL. Down, October 20th -1861-. Notwithstanding the orchids, I have been very glad to 
see Jamieson's letter; no doubt, as he says, certainty will soon be reached. With respect to the minor points of 
Glen Roy, I cannot feel easy with a mere barrier of ice; there is so much sloping, stratified detritus in the 
valleys. I remember that you somewhere have stated that a running stream soon cuts deeply into a glacier. I 
have been hunting up all old references and pamphlets, etc., on shelves in Scotland, and will send them off to 
Mr. J., as they possibly may be of use to him if he continues the subject. The Eildon Hills ought to be specially 
examined. Amongst MS. I came across a very old letter from me to you, in which I say: "If a glacialist admitted 
that the sea, before the formation of the shelves, covered the country -which would account for the land-straits 
above the level of the shelves-, and if he admitted that the land gradually emerged, and if he supposed that his 
lakes were banked up by ice alone, he would make out, in my opinion, the bes t case against the marine origin of 
the shelves." -529-1. See Letter 522.- This seems very much what you and Mr. J. have come to. The whole 
glacial theory is really a magnificent subject. 

LETTER 530. TO C. LYELL. Down, April 1st -1862-. I am not quite sure that I understand your difficulty, so I 
must give what seems to m e the explanation of the glacial lake theory at some little length. You know that there 
is a rocky outlet at the level of all the shelves. Pleas e look at my map. -530-1. The map accompanying Mr. 
Darwin's paper in the "Phil. Trans. R. Soc." 1839.- I suppose whole valley of Glen Spean filled with ice; then 
water would escape from an outlet at Loch Spey, and the highest shelf would be first formed. Secondly, ice 
began to retreat, and water will flow for short time over its surface; but as soon as it retreated from behind the 
hill marked Craig Dhu, where the outlet on level of second shelf was discovered by Milne -530-2. See note, 
Letter 521.-, the water would flow from it and the second shelf would be formed. This supposes that a vast 
barrier of ice still remains under Ben Nevis, along all the lower part of the Spean. Lastly, I suppose the ice 
disappeared everywhere along L. Loggan, L. Treig, and G len Spean, except close under Ben Nevis, where it still 
formed a barrier, the water flowing out at level of lowest shelf by the Pass of Mukkul at head of L. Loggan. This 
seems to me to account for everything. It presupposes that the shelves were formed towards the close of the 
Glacial period. I come up to London to read on Thursday a short paper at the Linnean Society. Shall I call on 
Friday morning at 9.30 and s it half an hour with you? Pray have no scruple to send a line to Queen Anne Street 
to say "No" if it will take anything out of you. If I do not hear, I will come. 

LETTER 531. TO J. PRESTWICH. Down, January 3rd, 1880. You are perfectly right. -531-1. Prof. Pres twich's 
paper on Glen Roy was published in the "Phil. Trans. R. Soc." for 1879, page 663.- As soon as I read Mr. 
Jamieson's article on the parallel roads, I gave up the ghost with more sighs and groans than on almost any 
other occasion in my life. 2.IX.IV. CORAL REEFS, FOSSIL AND RECENT, 1841-1881. 

LETTER 532. TO C. LYELL. Shrewsbur y, Tuesday, 6th -July, 1841-. Your letter was forwarded me here. I was 
the more glad to receive it, as I never dreamed of your being able to find time to write, now that you must be so 
very busy; and I had nothing to tell you about myself, else I should have written. I am pleased to hear how 
extensive and successful a trip you appear to have made. You must have worked hard, and got your Silurian 
subject well in your head, to have profited by so short an excursion. How I should have enjoyed to have 
followed you about the coral-limestone. I once was close to Wenlock -532-1. The Wenlock limestone -Silurian-