No shit Dad. Who doesn't know that? "Sure, said Sam, and headed back to the kitchen. 

Sam grumbled on his way to the table. He grabbed his plate and glass and took them to the dishwasher. 

Dad could be so fill of it sometimes Telling Sam how to use the dishwasher? It was insane, He wanted to 
give his father a few minutes down in the basement Turn those plants on and stick Dad in the middle. 
Let his hear those things reach for him in the dark. Then he d treat Slam with more respect. 

"Gay?" Fame Dad's loud voice from the front room. 

Sam stopped, the dishwasher door hanging open. He set the plate down on the sink, wondering if he'd 
heard right. 

He crept over to the doorway to the front room and peered around. No one noticed. 

Dad sat on the couch, looking at the floor. His hands were on his knee, gripping them tightly. Terry 
stood off to one side, his hands in his pockets. 

"Dad," said Terry "It's natural..." 

"Don't talk to me about natural, Terry, "Dad snapped. "I deal with nature everyday." 

"No, Dad, you try to control nature. You put it in pots, in categories. But you can't control me. This is just 
what I am." 

Dad said nothing for a long time. He stared at the floor, still gripping his knees. Several tense seconds 
passed Then his grip loosened and he sighed. He looked up at Terry, and Sam thought - for just a 
moment - there was deep sadness in his eyes. 

"Well, I guess that's how it is, then, he said. 

Terry looked confused, like he was trying to get a read on Dad. "Yeah," he said.

"Well, okay, "Dad said. He stood and stuck out his hand for Terry to shake. 

“Are we okay then, Dad?" said Terry. 

"Sure we are," said Dad, smiling. 

Terry smiled and shook Dad's hand. Then Dad pulled him close and hugged him. He patted Terry on the 
shoulder and stepped back. 

“Say, Terry, could you do me a favor and mow the lawn later on?" 

Terry smiled and nodded. Sure thing, Dad. I'll go do it now. 

Dad smiled. “Thanks, son. Oh, and think it needs gas. The can's in the garage." 

Terry smiled again and headed outside. 

Terry stepped out onto the porch and let out a deep sigh. He d done it It had been tense for a moment, 
but he done it and everything was okay. And compared to Dad, Mon would be a walk in the park.

He hummed as he opened the garage and eased out the mower. He led the mower out into the yard and 
looked up and down the street. He was happy. He realized he'd forgotten the gas can. He turned to head 
back to the garage and took a step. 

Pain shot through Terry's foot and up his calf. Burning, stabbing pain He cried out and fell to one knee. 

Something's in my shoe, he thought. He undid the laces but the shoe wouldn't budge. Like t was welded 
to the ground. 

Leaving the shoe where it was, he pulled his foot free. Hot liquid pain raged through his leg and foot. 
When he was free of the shoe he saw that his sock was soaked in blood. He peeled the sock off. Four 
narrow slits ran straight through his foot, top to bottom. Blood pooled in the slits and ran down the top 
of his foot.