care at all for general beliefs without the special facts. I have suffered too often from this: thus I found in every 
book the general statement that a host of flowers were fertilised in the bud, that seeds could not withstand salt 
water, etc., etc. I would far more trust such graphic accounts as that by you of the mixed vegetation on the 
Himalayas and other such accounts. And with respect to tropical plants with standing the slowly coming on cool 
period, I trust to such facts as yours -and others- about seeds of the same species from mountains and plains 
having acquired a slightly different climatal constitution. I know all that I have said will excite in you savage 
contempt towards me. Do not answer this rigmarole, but attack me to your heart's content, and to that of mine, 
whenever you can come here, and may it be soon. 

LETTER 383. J.D. HOOKER TO CHARL ES DARWIN. Kew, 1870. -383-1. The following extract from a letter of 
Sir J.D. Hooker shows the tables reversed between the correspondents.- Grove is disgusted at your being 
disquieted about W. Thomson. Tell George from me not to sit upon you with his mathematics. When I threatened 
your tropical cooling views with the facts of the physicists, you snubbed me and the facts sweetly, over 
and over again; and now, because a scarecrow of x+y has been raised on the selfsame facts, you boo-boo. Take another 
dose of Huxley's penultimate G. S. Address, and send George back to college. -383-2. Huxley's Anniversary 
Address to the Geological Society, 1869 -"Collected Essays," VIII., page 305-. This is a criticism of Lord 
Kelvin's paper "On Geological Time" -"Trans. Geolog. Soc. Glasgow," III.-. At page 336 Mr. Huxley deals with 
Lord Kelvin's "third line of argument, based on the temperature of the interior of the earth." This was no doubt 
the point most disturbing to Mr. Darwin, since it led Lord Kelvin to ask -as quoted by Huxley-, "Are modern 
geologists prepared to say that all life was killed off the earth 50,000, 100,000, or 200,000 years ago?" Mr. 
Huxley, after criticising Lord Kelvin's data and conclusion, gives his conviction that the case against Geology 
has broken down. With regard to evolution, Huxley -page 328- ingeniously points out a case of circular 
reasoning. "But it may be said that it is biology, and not geology, which asks for so much time--that the 
succession of life demands vast intervals; but this appears to me to be reasoning in a circle. Biology takes her 
time from geology. The only reason we have for believing in the slow rate of the change in living forms is the 
fact that they persist through a series of deposits which, geology informs us, have taken a long while to make. If 
the geological clock is wrong, all the naturalist will have to do is to modify his notions of the rapidity of change 
accordingly."- 

LETTER 384. TO J.D. HOOKER. February 3rd -1868-. I am now reading Miquel on "Flora of Japan" -384-1. 
Miquel, "Flore du Japon": "Archives Neerlandaises" ii., 1867.-, and like it: it is rather a relief to me -though, of 
course, not new to you- to find so very much in common with Asia. I wonder if A. Murray's -384-2. 
"Geographical Distribution of Mammals," by Andrew Murray, 1866. See Chapter V., page 47. See Letter 379.- 
notion can be correct, that a -profound- arm of the sea penetrated the west coast of N. America, and prevented 
the Asiatico-Japan element colonising that side of the continent so much as the eastern side; or will climate 
suffice? I shall to the day of my death keep up my full interest in Geographical Distribution, but I doubt 
whether I shall ever have strength to come in any fuller detail than in the "Origin" to this grand subject. In fact, I do not 
suppose any man could master so comprehensive a subject as it now has become, if all kingdoms of nature are 
included. I have read Murray's book, and am disappointed--though, as you said, here and there clever thoughts 
occur. How strange it is, that his view not affording the least explanation of the innumerable adaptations 
everywhere to be seen apparently does not in the least trouble his mind. One of the most curious cases which he 
adduces seems to me to be the two allied fresh-water, highly peculiar porpoises in the Ganges and Indus; and 
the more distantly allied form of the Amazons. Do you remember his explanation of an arm of the sea becoming 
cut off, like the Caspian, converted into fresh-water, and then divided into two lakes -by upheaval-, giving rise 
to two great rivers. But no light is thus thrown on the affinity of the Amazon form. I now find from Flower's 
paper -384-3. "Zoolog. Trans." VI., 1869, page 115. The toothed whales are divided into the Physeteridae, the 
Delphinidae, and the Platanistidae, which latter is placed between the two other families, and is divided into 
the sub-families Iniinae and Platanistinae.- that these fresh-water porpoises form two sub- families, making an 
extremely isolated and intermediate, very small family. Hence to us they are clearly remnants of a large group; 
and I cannot doubt we here have a good instance precisely like that of ganoid fishes, of a large ancient marine 
group, preserved exclusively in fresh-water, wher e there has been less competition, and consequently little 
modification. -384-4. See Volume I., Letter 95.- What a grand fact that is which Miquel gives of the beech not 
extending beyond the Caucasus, and then reappear ing in Japan, like your Himalayan Pinus, and the cedar of 
Lebanon. -384-5. For Pinus read Deodar. The essential identity of the deodar and the cedar of Lebanon was 
pointed out in Hooker's "Himalayan Journals" in 1854 -Volume I., page 257.n-. In the "Nat. History Review," 
January, 1862, the question is more fully dealt with by him, and the distribution discussed. The nearest point at

