Sam blinked and lowered himself down. His gaze fell on two thick wires running out from the basement 
wall and down towards the desk. The wires ran into a large electronic box sitting in the middle of 
the desk. It had knobs and handles and a big red light. Which was glowing.

Sam's eyes ran from the box back up the wires and into the wall. Into the yard. And Sam knew what had 
happened. Knew what his father had done. 

A cold rage grew in Sam and he ran out of the room and back up the statrs. He threw the door to the 
garage open and ran to the wall lined with tools. He yanked the hammer free, shaking several hooks 
loose and sending tools clattering to the table. 

Hammer in hand, he ran into the house and back down the stairs. He fan past the shelves of plants 
towards the table And the metal flashing box. 

He screamed as he brought the hammer down. He struck the box again and again, sparks flying and a 
sputtering static coming from it. 

Finally when the red light was out and the box was reduced to a pile of dented metal and wires, he 
stopped. 

For several seconds he stood, panting down at the remains of his father's invention. The hammer hung 
loose and heavy in his hand. Then he heard his father sigh behind him. 

He spun around, gasping. The hammer flew from his hand and spun along the floor, smashing into a 
ceramic pot holding one of the many plants lining the walls. Right next to his father's foot.
 
Sam's father looked at the broken pot, then up at Sam, and sighed again. He had blood on his hands and 
shoulder. Terry's, Sam knew. 

"Oh, Sam," said Dad. "This is going to be quite a blow to your mother. He pulled a pipe from his shirt 
pocket. He took a bit of tobacco and crushed the leaves inside. He stuck the pipe in his teeth. "First Terry's 
death, and now yours." 

Sam's legs were shaking, a mixture of rage and fear But the rage was slowly fading, the fear becoming 
purer. 

"Why? Sam managed to say. "He was your son." 

Terry pulled his cur into his parents' driveway and shifted into park. His father's car was there. He knew 
his mother would be gone for the weekend, but he had to tell them sometime. And if he waited, even a few 
days, he may no longer have the guts. 

And he might as well tell Dad first bet it out of the way. 

He considered not telling his parents at all. He considered going in, hanging out for the summer, and 
leaving. But he knew he couldn't do that. He'd told people at college what he was doing over break. What 
would they say if he came back and told them he'd wilted? 

No, he knew what he had to do. 

He opened the car door and stepped out onto the lawn. He smirked, seeing the grass just beginning to 
grow past the half-inch mark. Dad's letting the grass grow? Maybe he's winding down. Maybe this won't 
be so bad. 

His eyes crept up the yard toward the front door, passing the tiny curtained window along the bottom of 
the house. The window led into his father's forbidden basement work room. Terry suppressed a chill - 
maybe he's different now and stepped up the yard to the door.

Terry's brother Sam sat at the kitchen table and chewed a bite of his peanut butter and jelly sandwich. 
He did his best not to worry about bad discovering what he'd done. He looked out the window over the 
sink and focused on the sky. Summer. Free from school, free from the pther kids Free from chaos in the hallways 
and orders in the rooms.