on the globe but has some land-shells peculiar to it"--and he goes so far as to say that probably air-breathing 
mollusca have been chiefly distributed by air- or water-carriage, rather than by voluntary dispersal on the 
land.- When you have read these passages, and looked at the general facts which lead to them, I shall be glad to 
hear if you still differ from me. Though, of course, present results as to the origin and migrations of genera of
mammals will have to be modified owing to new discoveries, I cannot help thinking that much will remain 
unaffected, because in all geographical and geological discoveries the great outlines are soon reached, the 
details alone remain to be modified. I also think much of the geological evidence is now so accordant with, and 
explanatory of, Geographical Distribution, that it is prima facie correct in outline. Nevertheless, such vast 
masses of new facts will come out in the next few years that I quite dread the labour of incorporating them in a 
new edition. I hope your health is improved; and when, quite at your leisure, you have waded through my book, 
I trust you will again let m e have a few lines of friendly criticism and advice. 
 
LETTER 391. TO A.R. WALLACE. Down, June 17th, 1876. I have now finished the whole of Volume I., with the 
same interest and admiration as before; and I am convinced that my judgment was right and that it is a 
memorable book, the basis of all future work on the subject. I have nothing particular to say, but perhaps you 
would like to hear my impressions on two or three points. Nothing has struck me more than the admirable and 
convincing manner in which you treat Java. To allude to a very tr ifling point, it is capital about the unadorned 
head of the Argus- pheasant. -391-1. See "Descent of Man," Edition I., pages 90 and 143, for drawings of the 
Argus pheasant and its markings. The ocelli on the wing feathers wer e favourite objects of Mr. Darwin, and 
sometimes formed the subject of the little lectures which on rare occasions he would give to a visitor interested 
in Natural History. In Mr. Wallace's book the meaning of the ocelli comes in by the way, in the explanation of 
Plate IX., "A Malayan For est with some of its peculiar Birds." Mr. Wallace -volume i., page 340- points out that 
the head of the Argus pheasant is, during the display of the wings, concealed from the view of a spectator in 
front, and this accounts for the absence of bright colour on the head--a most unusual point in a pheasant. The
case is described as a "remarkable confirmation of Mr. Darwin's views, that gaily coloured plumes are 
developed in the male bird for the purpose of attractive display." For the difference of opinion between the two 
naturalis ts on the broad question of coloration see "Life and Letters," III., page 123. See Letters 440-453.- How 
plain a thing is, when it is once pointed out! What a wonderful case is that of Celebes: I am glad that you have 
slightly modified your views with respect to Africa. -391-2. "I think this must refer to the following passage in 
'Geog. Dist. of Animals,' Volum e I., pages 286-7. ' At this per iod -Miocene- Madagascar was no doubt united 
with Africa, and helped to form a great southern continent which must at one time have extended eastward as 
far as Southern India and Ceylon; and over the whole of this the lemurine type no doubt prevailed.' At the time 
this was written I had not paid so much attention to islands, and in my "Island Life" I have given ample reasons 
for my belief that the evidence of extinct animals does not requir e any direct connection between Southern India 
and Africa."--Note by Mr. Wallace.- And this leads me to say that I cannot swallow the so-called continent of 
Lemuria--i.e., the dir ect connection of Africa and Ceylon. -391-3. See "Geographical Distribution," I., page 76.
The name Lemuria was proposed by Mr. Sclater for an imaginary submerged continent extending from 
Madagascar to Ceylon and Sumatra. Mr. Wallace points out that if we confine ourselves to facts Lemuria is 
reduced to Madagascar, which he makes a subdivision of the Ethiopian Region.- The facts do not seem to me 
many and strong enough to jus tify so immense a change of level. Moreover, Mauritius and the other islands 
appear to me oceanic in character. But do not suppos e that I place my judgment on this subject on a level with 
yours. A wonderfully good paper was published about a year ago on India, in the "Geological Journal," I think 
by Blanford. -391-4. H.F. Blanford "On the Age and Correlations of the Plant-bear ing Ser ies of India and the 
Former Existence of an Indo- Oceanic Continent" -"Quart. Journ. Geol. Soc." XXXI., 1875, page 519-. The 
name Gondwana-Land was subsequently suggested by Professor Suess for this Indo-Oceanic continent. Since 
the publication of Blanford's paper, much literature has appeared dealing with the evidence furnished by fossil 
plants, etc., in favour of the existence of a vast southern continent.- Ramsay agreed with m e that it was one of 
the best published for a long time. The author shows that India has been a continent with enormous fresh-water 
lakes, from the Permian period to the present day. If I remember right, he believes in a former connection with 
S. Africa. I am sure that I read, some twenty to thirty years ago in a French journal, an account of teeth of 
Mastodon found in Timor; but the statement may have been an error. -391-5. In a letter to Falconer -Letter 155- 
, January 5th, 1863, Darwin refers to the supposed occurrence of Mastodon as having been "smashed" by 
Falconer.- With respect to what you say about the colonising of New Zealand, I somewhere have an account of 
a frog frozen in the ice of a Swiss glacier, and which revived when thawed. I may add that there is an Indian 
toad which can resist salt-water and haunts the seaside. Nothing ever astonished me more than the case of the 
Galaxias; but it does not seem known whether it may not be a migratory fish like the salmon. -391-6. The only
 
 