His newly-long legs felt awkward in the chair. They reached the floor and then some, when a year before 
they had just dangled. Growing up was strange, Sam mused and uncomfortable. He didn't like things 
sprouting in his body he couldn't control. 

Junior high started next year. A mit of old and new kids in a new building. The uncertainty of it unsettled 
him. He didn't like it, so he pushed it down, chewed and enjoyed the cool central air on his bare legs.
Shorts and air conditioning. Summer.

Mom was gone for the weekend, so it was just Sam and his father in the house. His father, who at the 
moment idled in the living room watching a nature show on cable, was Frank Richards. D. Frank 
Richards to a crop of local state university students Professor of Botany. 

He had his own lab to work in at school, but he had another work room in the basement at home. All but 
Dr. Richards were forbidden to enter. Sam, ferry, even Mom Dad told them they would destroy the 
delicate balance of light and moisture for the plant growing in there Terry and Mom seemed to accept 
this. Sam, on the other hand, wanted to see inside. But the door was always locked and the only window 
so small a cat would have a hard time getting through.

There was something old-fashioned about Sam's father. Like he was built from old plans by workers long 
dead. He smoked b pipe. He scanned a newspaper every day. His forehead crumpled at profanities on 
television. He had short, neatly trimmed hair and a short, neatly trimmed beard. He always dressed in 
clean pressed clothes and all in all was pleasant enough to be around Sam supposed he liked him as 
much as any boy liked their father. 

But there was one thing Sam didn't like about his dad: all the orders. There was always something Sam 
was supposed to be doing, and a precise way he was supposed to be doing it. Sam couldn't wait until he 
was older, 'til he could be in charge. In control. 

"Sam?" came his father's voice. 

It was behind him, and Sam jumped. How could the old man move so quietly? 

"Yeah Dad?" said Sam, through half a mouthful of peanut butter. He twisted in his seat to see his father 
behind him, looking down. 

"Could you come here a see" he said. It was his professor voice. Sam imagined him using it with 
students. It meant a lecture was coming. Sam felt his throat constrict and swallowed as best he could. He 
hated the lectures.

"Sure, Dad," he said, and pushed himself up from the table. He took a quick gulp of milk to drown the last 
of the food. 

Dad opened the door at the back of the kitchen, the one that opened to the garage. Sam stifled a groan. 
He had a pretty good idea what was coming. 

"This way," Dad said, stepping into the garage. Sam followed. 

Dad led him to a work table. A sheet of particle board hung on the wall behind it. Numerous hooks jutted 
out from the board, with various tools hung from them. 

The table was clear except for a lone hammer. Again, Sam crushed the urge to groan. He'd used that 
hammer earlier, then laid it on the table afterwards. 

"Now," said Dad as they came to a stop. "You managed to get the hammer all the way back to the table. 
Would it have been so hard to finish the trip to here!" He indicated the two hooks the hammer normally 
laid across. 

For pete's sake, Dad, Sam thought.'No," was what he said. 

"You have to keep things under control, Sam. You can't just let things go wild." 

How about I take that hammer and knock you over the head old man Sam thought, unable to beat back 
a smirk. Who'd be in control then?