page 264, a review of Dr. Hugo Magnus' "Die Geschichtliche Entwickelung des Farbens innes," 1877. T he first 
part is chiefly an account of the author's views; Dr. Krause's argument begins at page 269. The interest felt by 
Mr. Darwin is recorded by the numerous pencil-marks on the margin of his copy.- The following observation 
bears on this subject. I attended carefully to the mental development of my young children, and with two, or as I 
believe three of them, soon after they had come to the age when they knew the names of all common objects, I 
was startled by observing that they seemed quite incapable of affixing the right names to the colours in coloured 
engravings, although I tried repeatedly to teach them. I distinctly remember declaring that they were colour- 
blind, but this afterwards proved a groundless fear. On communicating this fact to another person he told me 
that he had observed a nearly similar case. Therefore the difficulty which young children experience either in 
distinguishing, or more probably in naming colours, seems to deserve further investigation. I will add that it 
formerly appeared to me that the gustatory sense, at least in the case of my own infants, and very young 
children, differed from that of grown-up persons. This was shown by their not disliking rhubarb mixed with a 
little sugar and milk, which is to us abominably nauseous; and in their strong taste for the sourest and most 
austere fruits, such as unripe gooseberries and crabapples. -PLATE: G.J. ROMANES, 1891. Elliott & Fry, 
photo. Walker and Cockerell, ph. sc.- 

LETTER 417. TO G.J. ROMANES. -Barlaston-, August 20th, 1878. -417-1. Par t of this letter -here omitted- is 
published in "Life and Letters," III., page 225, and the whole in the "Life and Letters of G.J. Romanes," page 
74. The lecture referred to was on animal intelligence, and was given at the Dublin meeting of the British 
Association.- ...The sole fault which I find with your lecture is that it is too short, and this is a rare fault. It 
strikes me as admirably clear and interesting. I meant to have remonstrated that you had not discussed 
sufficiently the necessity of signs for the formation of abstract ideas of any complexity, and then I came on the 
discussion on deaf mutes. This latter seems to me one of the richest of all the mines, and is worth working 
carefully for years, and very deeply. I should like to read whole chapters on this one head, and others on the 
minds of the higher idiots. Nothing can be better, as it seems to me, than your several lines or sources of 
evidence, and the manner in which you have arranged the whole subject. Your book will assuredly be worth 
years of hard labour; and stick to your subject. By the way, I was pleased at your discussing the selection of 
varying instincts or mental tendencies; for I have often been disappointed by no one having ever noticed this 
notion. I have just finished "La Psychologie, son Present et son Avenir," 1876, by Delboeuf -a mathematician 
and physicist of Belgium- in about a hundred pages. It has interested me a good deal, but why I hardly know; it 
is rather like Herber t Spencer. If you do not know it, and would car e to see it, send me a postcard. Thank 
Heaven, we return home on Thursday, and I shall be able to go on with my humdrum work, and that makes me 
forget m y daily discomfort. Have you ever thought of keeping a young monkey, so as to observe its mind? At a 
house where we have been s taying there were Sir A. and Lady Hobhouse, not long ago returned from India, and 
she and he kept -a- young monkey and told me some curious particulars. One was that her monkey was very 
fond of looking through her eyeglass at objects, and moved the glass nearer and further so as to vary the focus. 
This struck me, as Frank's son, nearly two years old -and we think much of his intellect!!- is very fond of 
looking through my pocket lens, and I have quite in vain endeavoured to teach him not to put the glass close 
down on the object, but he always will do so. Therefore I conclude that a child under two years is inferior in 
intellect to a monkey. Once again I heartily congratulate you on your well-earned present, and I feel assured, 
grand future success. -417-2. Later in the year Mr. Darwin wrote: "I am delighted to hear that you mean to 
work the comparative Psychology well. I thought your letter to the "Times" very good indeed. -417-3. Romanes 
wrote to the "Times" August 28th, 1878, expressing his views regarding the distinction between man and the 
lower animals, in reply to criticisms contained in a leading article in the "Times" of August 23rd on his lecture 
at the Dublin meeting of the British Association.- Bartlett, at the Zoological Gardens, I feel sure, would advise 
you infinitely better about hardiness, intellect, price, etc., of monkey than F. Buckland; but with him it must be 
viva voce. "Frank says you ought to keep a idiot, a deaf mute, a monkey, and a baby in your house."- 

LETTER 418. TO G.A. GASKELL. Down, November 15th, 1878. -418-1. This letter has been published in 
Clapperton's "Scientific Meliorism," 1885, page 340, together with Mr. Gaskell's letter of November 13th -page 
337-. Mr. Gaskell's laws are given in his letter of November 13th, 1878. They ar e:-- I. The Organological Law: 
Natural Selection, or the Survival of the Fittest. II. The Sociological Law: Sympathetic Selection, or 
Indiscriminate Survival. III. The Moral Law: Social Selection, or the Birth of the Fittest.- Your letter seems to 
me very interesting and clearly expressed, and I hope that you are in the right. Your second law appears to be 
largely acted on in all civilised countries, and I just alluded to it in my remarks to the effect -as far as I 
remember- that the evil which would follow by checking benevolence and sympathy in not fostering the weak

