"I know," was what he said. 

"Well, if you do," said Dad, 'then please act on that knowledge." 

Sam sighed and moved the hammer to its proper spot. 

"And don't sigh at me, sprout," said Dad. "Now go finish your lunch. Your brother will be home soon." 

It was true. Terry was coming home for the summer. His big brother, off at college, back to his roots for a 
few months. It would be fun to see ferry, but truthfully Sam's mind was on something else.

The basement. 

Sam had seen Dad's work room. The other night, held gotten in. 

Dad had been asleep in front of the TV, a bunch of school papers in his lap. Mon had already gone to bed. 
Terry was at that college is some other state. Sam had his opportunity. 

He tiptoed down the stairs thankful for the carpet He paused at the bottom, listening for his father's 
loud snoring. He heard it, from upstairs, and smiled He slipped a key from his shorts pocket. The key he'd 
slipped from his parents' dresser. He pushed it into the lock and turned it. The handle clicked and the 
door swung open. 

Inside was darkness. Sam frowned Where was the precious balance of light his father spoke of? Maybe 
this wasn't the real work room, maybe it was further inside. 

He felt ground for a switch and found it. He licked the switch up and several bulbs came alive, lighting 
the room. A long hallway stretched from the door to a desk at the other end. The desk was piled with 
papers and some equipment Sam didn't recognize. 

But lining the hallway, all up and down from fleer to-ceiling, were shelves and shelves of plants. Big 
leafy things with long stalls and leathery skin. All of them slumped towards the floor. 

Had his father just left all these plants in the dark to die? Surely not. If that were the case, they wouldn't
look as healthy as they did they were big, rich, robust-looking plants Just sitting in the dark and 
slumping. 

Sam frowned, no knowing what to think. 

He walked down the hallway. The plants towered over him as he passed. Their presence made him 
nervous. He felt, crazily, that they were watching him. Waiting for something. Finally, he reached the 
desk. There were papers piled everywhere which Sam couldn't decipher. Above the desk was the small 
window that looked out into the front yard. Dad always kept it heavily curtained. 

Also on the desk were a bunch of electronics Sam had never seen before. All had exposed wires and black 
tape wrapped around them. Like Sam's father had made the himself. Among them was something that 
looked like a TV remote with a radio antenna stuck to the end. Sam picked it upland looked it over.
Curiosity got the better of him and repressed a button. 

Suddenly he felt something in the room with him. He heard a rustling from behind. 

He turned and it took a few moments to register what he was seeing. 

The plants were moving. 

At first he thought there must be a breeze. But there was no wind of any kind and the plants didn't look 
like they were being moved by wind. They were moving themselves. Straining against their pots, 
writhing, reaching. 

For him. 

He let out a little fell and tossed the remote down. He ran past the plants, not even looking to see if they 
were still moving He snapped off the light and slammed the door shut. He locked it as fast as he could 
and rated up the stairs. He tripped over the bottom stair and slammed his knees into the kitchen 
linoleum with a big thump!