ones, has interested me much. Dr. Allbutt's view occurred to me some time ago, and I have written a short 
discussion on it. It is, I think, a remarkable law, to which I have found no exception. The foundation lies in the 
fact that in many cases the eggs or seeds requir e nourishment and protection by the mother-form for some time 
after impregnation. Hence the spermatozoa and antherozoids travel in the lower aquatic animals and plants to 
the female, and pollen is borne to the female organ. As organisms rise in the scale it seems natural that the 
male should carry the spermatozoa to the female in his own body. As the male is the searcher, he has required and 
gained more eager passions than the female; and, very differently from you, I look at this as one great difficulty 
in believing that the males select the more attractive females; as far as I can discover, they are always ready to 
seize on any female, and sometimes on many females. Nothing would please me more than to find evidence of 
males selecting the more attractive females. I have for months been trying to persuade myself of this. There is 
the case of man in favour of this belief, and I know in hybrid unions of males preferring particular females, but, 
alas, not guided by colour. Perhaps I may get more evidence as I wade through my twenty years' mass of notes. 

I am not shaken about the female protected butter flies. I will grant -only for argument- that the life of the male 
is of very little value,--I will grant that the males do not vary, yet why has not the protective beauty of the female 
been transferred by inheritance to the male? The beauty would be a gain to the male, as far as we can see, as a 
protection; and I cannot believe that it would be repulsive to the female as she became beautiful. But we shall 
never convince each other. I sometimes marvel how truth progresses, so difficult is it for one man to convince 
another, unless his mind is vacant. Nevertheless, I myself to a certain extent contradict my own remark, for I 
believe far more in the importance of protection than I did before reading your articles. I do not think you lay 
nearly s tress enough in your articles on what you admit in your letters: viz., "there seems to be some production 
of vividness...of colour in the male independent of protection." This I am making a chief point; and have come to 
your conclusion so far that I believe that intense colouring in the female sex is often checked by being 
dangerous. That is an excellent remark of yours about no known case of male alone assuming protective 
colours; but in the cases in which protection has been gained by dull colours, I presume that sexual selection 
would interfere with the male losing his beauty. If the male alone had acquired beauty as a protection, it would be 
most readily overlooked, as males are so often more beautiful than their females. Moreover, I grant that the 
life of the male is somewhat less precious, and thus there would be less rigorous selection with the male, so he 
would be less likely to be made beautiful through Natural Selection for protection. -442-2. This does not apply 
to sexual selection, for the gr eater the excess of males, and the less precious their lives, so much the better for 
sexual s election. -Note in original.-- But it seems to me a good argument, and very good if it could be 
thoroughly established. I do not know whether you will car e to read this scrawl. 

LETTER 443. TO A.R. WALLACE. Down, May 5th -1868?-. I am afraid I have caused you a great deal of 
trouble in writing to me at such length. I am glad to say that I agree almost entirely with your summary, except 
that I should put sexual selection as an equal, or perhaps as even a more important agent in giving colour than 
Natural Selection for protection. As I get on in my work I hope to get clearer and more decided ideas. Working
up from the bottom of the scale, I have as yet only got to fishes. What I rather object to in your articles is that I 
do not think any one would infer from them that you place sexual selection even as high as No. 4 in your 
summary. It was very natural that you should give only a line to s exual selection in the summary to the 
"Westminster Review," but the result at first to my mind was that you attributed hardly anything to its power. In 
your penultimate note you say "in the great mass of cases in which there is great differentiation of colour 
between the sexes, I believe it is due almost wholly to the need of protection to the female." Now, looking to the 
whole animal kingdom, I can at present by no means admit this view; but pray do not suppose that because I 
differ to a certain extent, I do not thoroughly admire your several papers and your admirable generalisation on 
birds' nests. With respect to this latter point, however, although, following you, I suspect that I shall ultimately 
look at the whole case from a rather different point of view. You ask what I think about the gay-coloured 
females of Pier is. -443-1. See "Westminster Review," July, 1867, page 37; also Letter 440.- I believe I quite 
follow you in believing that the colours are wholly due to mimicry; and I further believe that the male is not 
brilliant from not having received through inheritance colour from the female, and from not himself having 
varied; in short, that he has not been influenced by selection. I can make no answer with respect to the 
elephants. With respect to the female reindeer, I have hitherto looked at the horns simply as the consequence of 
inheritance not having been limited by sex. Your idea about colour being concentrated in the smaller males 
seems good, and I presume that you will not object to my giving it as your suggestion. 

LETTER 444. TO J. JENNER WEIR. Down, May 7th -1868-. I have now to thank you for no less than four 
letters! You are so kind that I will not apologise for the trouble I cause you; but it has lately occurred to me that

