LETTER 465. TO F.C. DONDERS. -465-1. Mr. Darwin was indebted to Sir W. Bowman for an introduction to 
Professor Donders, whose work on Sir Charles Bell's views is quoted in the "Expression of the Emotions," 
pages 160-62.- Down, June 3rd -1870?-. I do not know how to thank you enough for the very great trouble 
which you have taken in writing at such length, and for your kind expressions towards me. I am particularly 
obliged for the abstract with respect to Sir C. Bell's views -465-2. See "Expression of the Emotions," pages 158 
et seq.: Sir Charles Bell's view is that adopted by Darwin--viz. that the contraction of the muscles round the 
eyes counteracts the gorging of the parts during screaming, etc. The essay of Donders is, no doubt, "On the 
Action of the Eyelids in Determination of Blood from Expiratory Effort" in Beale's "Archives of Medicine," 
Volume V., 1870, page 20, which is a translation of the original in Dutch.-, as I shall now proceed with some 
confidence; but I am intensely curious to read your essay in full when translated and published, as I hope, in the 
"Dublin Journal," as you speak of the weak point in the case--viz., that injuries are not known to follow from the 
gorging of the eye with blood. I may mention that my son and his friend at a military academy tell me that when 
they perform certain feats with their heads downwards their faces become purple and veins distended, and that 
they then feel an uncomfortable sensation in their eyes; but that as it is necessary for them to see, they cannot 
protect their eyes by closing the eyelids. The companions of one young man, who naturally has very prominent 
eyes, us d to laugh at him when performing such feats, and declare that some day both eyes would s tart out of
 his head. Your essay on the physiological and anatomical relations between the contraction of the orbicular 
 muscles and the secretion of tears is wonderfully clear, and has interested me greatly. I had not thought about 
 irritating substances getting into the nose during vomiting; but m y clear impression is that mere retching causes 
 tears. I will, however, tr y to get this point ascer tained. When I reflect that in vomiting -subject to the above 
 doubt-, in violent coughing from choking, in yawning, violent laughter, in the violent downward action of the 
 abdominal muscle...and in your very curious case of the spasms -465-3. In some cases a slight touch to the eye 
 causes spasms of the orbicularis muscle, which may continue for so long as an hour, being accompanied by a 
 flow of tears. See "Expression of the Emotions," page 166.---that in all these cases the orbicular muscles are 
 strongly and unconsciously contracted, and that at the same time tears often certainly flow, I must think that 
 there is a connection of some kind between these phenomena; but you have clearly shown me that the nature of 
 the relation is at present quite obscure. 
 
 LETTER 466. TO A.D. BARTLETT. 6, Queen Anne Street, W., December 19th -1870?-. I was with Mr. Wood 
 this morning, and he expressed himself strongly about your and your daughter's kindness in aiding him. He 
 much wants assistance on another point, and if you would aid him, you would greatly oblige me. You know well 
 the appearance of a dog when approaching another dog with hostile intentions, before they come close 
 together. The dog walks very stiffly, with tail rigid and upright, hair on back erected, ears pointed and eyes 
 directed forwards. When the dog attacks the other, down go the ears, and the canines are uncovered. Now, 
 could you anyhow arrange so that one of your dogs could see a strange dog from a little distance, so that Mr. 
 Wood could sketch the former attitude, viz., of the stiff gesture with erected hair and erected ears. -466-1. In 
 Chapter II. of the "Expression of the Emotions" there are sketches of dogs in illustration of the "Principle of 
 Antithes is," drawn by Mr. Riviere and by Mr. A. May -figures 5-8-. Mr. T.W. Wood supplied similar drawings of 
 a cat -figures 9, 10-, also a sketch of the head of a snarling dog -figure 14-.- And then he could afterwards 
 sketch the same dog, when fondled by his master and wagging his tail with drooping ears. These two sketches I 
 want much, and it would be a great favour to Mr. Wood, and myself, if you could aid him. P.S.--When a horse is 
 turned out into a field he trots with high, elastic steps, and carries his tail aloft. Even when a cow frisks about 
 she throws up her tail. I have seen a drawing of an elephant, apparently trotting with high steps, and with the 
 tail erect. When the elephants in the garden are turned out and are excited so as to move quickly, do they carry 
 their tails aloft? How is this with the rhinoceros? Do not trouble yourself to answer this, but I shall be in 
 London in a couple of months, and then perhaps you will be able to answer this trifling question. Or, if you 
 write about wolves and jackals turning round, you can tell me about the tails of elephants, or of any other 
 animals. -466-2. In the "Expression of the Emotions," page 44, reference is made under the head of "Associated 
 habitual movements in the lower animals," to dogs and other animals turning round and round and scratching 
 the ground with their for e-paws when they wish to go to sleep on a carpet, or other similar surface.- 
 
 LETTER 467. TO A.D. BARTLETT. Down, Januar y 5th, -1871?- Many thanks about Limulus. I am going to ask 
 another favour, but I do not want to trouble you to answer it by letter. When the Callithrix sciureus screams 
 violently, does it wrinkle up the skin round the eyes like a baby always does? -467-1. "Humboldt also asserts 
 that the eyes of the Callithrix sciureus 'instantly fill with tears when it is seized with fear'; but when this pretty 
 little monkey in the Zoological Gardens was teased, so as to cry out loudly, this did not occur. I do not,