Sam stopped, the dishwasher door hanging open. He set the plate down on the sink, wondering if he'd 
heard right. 

He crept over to the doorway to the front room and peered around. No one noticed. 

Dad sat on the couch, looking at the floor. His hands were on his knee, gripping them tightly. Terry 
stood off to one side, his hands in his pockets. 

"Dad," said Terry "It's natural..." 

"Don't talk to me about natural, Terry, "Dad snapped. "I deal with nature everyday." 

"No, Dad, you try to control nature. You put it in pots, in categories. But you can't control me. This is just 
what I am." 

Dad said nothing for a long time. He stared at the floor, still gripping his knees. Several tense seconds 
passed Then his grip loosened and he sighed. He looked up at Terry, and Sam thought - for just a 
moment - there was deep sadness in his eyes. 

"Well, I guess that's how it is, then, he said. 

Terry looked confused, like he was trying to get a read on Dad. "Yeah," he said.

"Well, okay, "Dad said. He stood and stuck out his hand for Terry to shake. 

“Are we okay then, Dad?" said Terry. 

"Sure we are," said Dad, smiling. 

Terry smiled and shook Dad's hand. Then Dad pulled him close and hugged him. He patted Terry on the 
shoulder and stepped back. 

“Say, Terry, could you do me a favor and mow the lawn later on?" 

Terry smiled and nodded. Sure thing, Dad. I'll go do it now. 

Dad smiled. “Thanks, son. Oh, and think it needs gas. The can's in the garage." 

Terry smiled again and headed outside. 

Terry stepped out onto the porch and let out a deep sigh. He d done it It had been tense for a moment, 
but he done it and everything was okay. And compared to Dad, Mon would be a walk in the park.

He hummed as he opened the garage and eased out the mower. He led the mower out into the yard and 
looked up and down the street. He was happy. He realized he'd forgotten the gas can. He turned to head 
back to the garage and took a step. 

Pain shot through Terry's foot and up his calf. Burning, stabbing pain He cried out and fell to one knee. 

Something's in my shoe, he thought. He undid the laces but the shoe wouldn't budge. Like t was welded 
to the ground. 

Leaving the shoe where it was, he pulled his foot free. Hot liquid pain raged through his leg and foot. 
When he was free of the shoe he saw that his sock was soaked in blood. He peeled the sock off. Four 
narrow slits ran straight through his foot, top to bottom. Blood pooled in the slits and ran down the top 
of his foot. 

He lifted the tongue of his shoe and looked inside. Four blades of grass thrust up through the sole and 
sat, bloody, inside. 

This is crazy, he thought and tried to stand. The pain was too much and he fell forward, catching himself 
with both palms on the grass. 

The grass fired up through his hands, spattering his own blood in his eyes. He streamed as the grass 
bent over, gripping his hands to the ground Blood coursed between the blades and into the dirt.