LETTER 505. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down -July, 1865-. I was glad to read your article on Glaciers, etc., in 
Yorkshire. You seem to have been struck with what most deeply impressed me at Glen Roy -wrong as I was on 
the whole subject---viz. the marvellous manner in which every detail of surface of land had been preserved for 
an enormous period. This makes me a little sceptical whether Ramsay, Jukes, etc., are not a little overdoing sub- 
aerial denudation. In the same "Reader" -505-1. Sir J.D. Hooker wrote to Darwin, July 13th, 1865, from High 
Force Inn, Middleton, Teesdale: "I am studying the moraines all day long with as much enthusiasm as I am 
capable of after lying in bed till nine, eating heavy breakfas ts, and looking forward to dinner as the summum 
bonum of existence." The result of his work, under the title "Moraines of the Tees Valley," appeared in the 
"Reader" -July 15th, 1865, page 71-, of which Huxley was one of the managers or committee-men, and Norman 
Lockyer was scientific editor -"Life and Letters of T.H. Huxley," I., page 211-. Hooker describes the moraines 
and other evidence of glacial action in the upper part of the Tees valley, and speaks of the effect of glaciers in 
determining the pr esent physical features of the country.- there was a striking article on English and Foreign 
Men of Science -505-2. "British and Foreign Science," "The Reader," loc. cit., page 61. The writer of the article 
asserts the inferiority of English scientific workers.-, and I think unjust to England except in pure Physiology; 
in biology Owen and R. Brown ought to save us, and in Geology we are most rich. It is curious how we are 
reading the same books. 

We intend to read Lecky and certainly to re-read Buckle--which latter I admired greatly before. I am heartily 
glad you like Lubbock's book so much. It made m e grieve his taking to politics, and though I grieve that he has 
lost his election, yet I suppose, now that he is once bitten, he will never give up politics, and science is done for. 
Many men can make fair M.P.'s; and how few can work in science like him! I have been reading a pamphlet by 
Verlot on "Variation of Flowers," which seems to me very good; but I doubt whether it would be worth your 
reading. It was published originally in the "Journal d'Hort.," and so perhaps you have seen it. It is a very good 
plan this republishing separately for sake of foreigners buying, and I wish I had tried to get permission of Linn. 
Soc. for my Climbing paper, but it is now too late. Do not forget that you have my paper on hybridism, by Max 
Wichura. -505-3. Wichura, M.E., "L'Hybridisation dans le regne vegetal etudiee sur les Saules," "Arch. Sci. 
Phys. Nat." XXIII., page 129, 1865.- I hope you are returned to your work, refreshed like a giant by your huge 
breakfasts. How unlucky you are about contagious complaints with your children! I keep very weak, and had 
much sickness yesterday, but am stronger this morning. Can you remember how we ever first met? -505-4. See 
"Life and Letters," II., page 19.- It was in Park Street; but what brought us together? I have been re-reading a 
few old letters of yours, and my heart is very warm towards you. 

LETTER 506. TO C. LYELL. Down, Mar ch 8th -1866-. -506-1. In a letter from Sir Joseph Hooker to Mr. 
Darwin on February 21st, 1866, the following passage occurs: "I wish I could explain to you my crude notions 
as to the Glacial period and your position towards it. I suppose I hold this doctrine: that there was a Glacial 
period, but that it was not one of universal cold, because I think that the existing distribution of glaciers is 
sufficiently demonstrative of the proposition that by comparatively s light redispositions of sea and land, and 
perhaps axis of globe, you may account for all the leading palaeontological phenomena." This letter was sent by 
Mr. Darwin to Sir Charles Lyell, and the latter, wr iting on March 1st, 1866, expresses his belief that "the whole 
globe must at times have been superficially cooler. Still," he adds, "during extreme excentricity the sun would 
make great efforts to compensate in perihelion for the chill of a long winter in aphelion in one hemisphere, and 
a cool summer in the other. I think you will turn out to be right in regard to meridional lines of mountain-chains 
by which the migrations across the equator took place while there was contemporaneous tropical heat of 
certain lowlands, where plants requiring heat and moisture wer e saved from extinction by the heat of the earth's 
surface, which was stored up in perihelion, being prevented from radiating off freely into space by a blanket of 
aqueous vapour caused by the melting of ice and snow. But though I am inclined to profit by Croll's maximum 
excentricity for the glacial period, I consider it quite subordinate to geographical causes or the relative position 
of land and sea and the abnormal excess of land in polar regions." In another letter -March 5th, 1866- Lyell 
writes: "In the beginning of Hooker's letter to you he speaks hypothetically of a change in the earth's axis as 
having possibly co-operated with redistribution of land and sea in causing the cold of the Glacial period. Now, 
when we consider how extremely modern, zoologically and botanically, the Glacial period is proved to be, I am 
shocked at any one introducing, with what I may call so much levity, so organic a change as a deviation in the 
axis of the planet...' -see Lyell's "Principles," 1875, Chapter XIII.; also a letter to Sir Joseph Hooker printed in 
the "Life of Sir Charles Lyell," Volume II., page 410.-- Many thanks for your interesting letter. From the serene 
elevation of my old age I look down with amazement at your youth, vigour, and indomitable energy. With 
respect to Hooker and the axis of the earth, I suspect he is too much overworked to consider now any subject