Eric had wasted too much time being cautious with Maggie. Between her connection with Henry and the 
way she made him feel, he could do nothing less than pursue her with everything he had. Trisha had 
betrayed them; Maggie, above all things, was a woman he could trust. 

Sundance cocked his head and scurried to the front hall, anticipating Henry's arrival. The door burst 
open and Henry immediately started shouting, his voice panicky. "Dad, you gotta do something. She's 
leaving."

"Who is?" 

"Coach She's moving to Colorado." 

"What? Who told you this?"

"Josh. He overheard Coach tell his dad." 

Eric leaned over, hands on his knees, scarcely able to breathe.

"Dad, are you all right?" 

He straightened up. Henry tossed his backpack on the sofa then grabbed Eric's hand. "C'mon. We gotta 
stop her. You like her a lot right?" 

"Yes, I do." Like wasn't the right word. He was madly in love with the woman. 

"Then we gotta go to her house and ask her to marry us." 

Like a breath of cleansing air, the suggestion buoyed Eric. He grinned "Son, that's exactly what we need 
to do." 

That evening, dressed in their Sunday best and bearing a huge bouquet of roses father and son arrived 
at Maggie's, unannounced.

Amid the yipping of her dogs, she answered the door wearing fuzzy slippers, flannel pajama bottoms and 
a ribbed T-shirt. "What are you doing here?" 

Henry beamed. "Bringing you flowers." 

She ushered them in, then sent the dogs out into the fenced yard Flustered, she took the bouquet. "Henry, 
let's find a vase for the roses."

While they were in the kitchen, Erie noticed a Mother's Day card lying on the coffee table For one who is
like a mother to me," he rend Opening it and seeing Henry's scrawled signature, he knew beyond a doubt 
that he was doing the right thing to propose. Maggie was, indeed, like a mother to his son. 

Trailed by Henry, who was giving him a thumbs-up, she placed the flowers on the mantel then faced 
them. "I .... I don't know what to say."

"Dad does, don't you, Dad?" 

Summoning all his courage and love, Eric took her by the hand. "Henry and I would like to ask you to 
please marry us." 
 
 
He could feel her trembling. Before she could say anything, he went on. "We know about the Colorado job. 
We don't want you to go. Because.. he pulled her into an embrace"..because we need you, we love you. I 
love you." 

Maggie allowed herself to be held, then stepped back. "But what about Trisha? 

"It's okay now,"Henry said looking up at Maggie. "We decided she'll be my sometimes mother. But you're 
my everyday mother." 

Tears pooled in Maggie's eyes. She knelt and took the boy in her arms "I decided not to take the job. I 
would much rather take tile position of mom."

"Does that mean yes?"