Hammer in hand, he ran into the house and back down the stairs. He fan past the shelves of plants 
towards the table And the metal flashing box. 

He screamed as he brought the hammer down. He struck the box again and again, sparks flying and a 
sputtering static coming from it. 

Finally when the red light was out and the box was reduced to a pile of dented metal and wires, he 
stopped. 

For several seconds he stood, panting down at the remains of his father's invention. The hammer hung 
loose and heavy in his hand. Then he heard his father sigh behind him. 

He spun around, gasping. The hammer flew from his hand and spun along the floor, smashing into a 
ceramic pot holding one of the many plants lining the walls. Right next to his father's foot.
 
Sam's father looked at the broken pot, then up at Sam, and sighed again. He had blood on his hands and 
shoulder. Terry's, Sam knew. 

"Oh, Sam," said Dad. "This is going to be quite a blow to your mother. He pulled a pipe from his shirt 
pocket. He took a bit of tobacco and crushed the leaves inside. He stuck the pipe in his teeth. "First Terry's 
death, and now yours." 

Sam's legs were shaking, a mixture of rage and fear But the rage was slowly fading, the fear becoming 
purer. 

"Why? Sam managed to say. "He was your son."

Charity stood behind the safety glass at the Vanguard Theater's midnight 98c show. She took a long time 
counting the handful of coins the guy on the other side had given her. His name was Troy. He was cute, 
and they were talking, so there was no hurry. 

They talked so long three other people lined up behind Troy a short round man, a woman toying with 
her hair and a thin man with glasses. 

"Got quite a line back there," said Troy. He smiled and some of his slick black hair fell over one of his eyes. 
He had four earrings and a Cure shirt on. 

"Yeah" said Charity, wondering if she had seen him on campus. She had a nose ring, a Cocteau Twins 
shirt and just-slightly red hair. "Those are cool earrings," she said. 

"Thanks," said Troy, putting one hand up to his ear. He brought it down and motioned at her midsection. 
"I like your shirt Retro store?" 

Charity shook her head, smiling. "Nope. Yard sale. 

Troy's eyebrows went up. "No crap?" 

"No crap," said Charity. "Well, I guess you need your change." 

She opened the drawer and dumped the coins inside. She looked down to get his change and when she 
looked back up, the thin man at the back o the line was gone. There were now just two people behind 
Troy. 

“What happened to that guy?" she asked, pushing the change through the slot at the bottom of the glass. 

"What guy?" said Troy. He took the pennies and looked behind him. "Oh yeah, he said. He looked around, 
then back at her and shrugged. “Don't know." 

"Well, that's weird," said Charity. Guess he didn't want to see the movie after all." 

"I guess so," said Troy. He looked down for a moment, then back up so pretty late to be put working." 

Charity shrugged, doing her best to look aloof. "Yeah, but I fan leave as soon as the show starts.” 

"Do you ever watch the movie?" 

"Sometimes."