united, God-fearing families even as did my old friend Mr Pontifex. True, your children will probably find out all 
about some day, but not until too late to be of much service to them or inconvenience to yourself. 

Some satirists have complained of life inasmuch as all the pleasures belong to the fore part of it and we must see them 
dwindle til we are left, it may be, with the miseries of a decrepit old age. To me it seems that youth is like spring, an 
overpraised season--delighted if it happen to be a favoured one, but in practice very rarely favoured and more 
remarkable, as a general rule, for biting east winds than genial breezes. Autumn is the mellower season, and 
what we lose in flowers we more than gain in frets. Fontenelle at the age of ninety, being asked what was the happiest 
time of his life, said he did not know that he had ever been much happier than the then was, but that perhaps his best 
years had been those when he was between fifty-five and seventy-five, and Dr Johnson placed the pleasures of old age 
far higher than those of youth. True, in old age we live under the shadow of Death, which like a sword of Damocles, 
may descend at any moment, but we have so long found life to be an affair of being rather, frightened than hurt that we 
have become like the people who live under Vesuvius, and chance it without much misgiving._

_Afew words may suffice for the greater number of the young people to whom I have been alluding in the foregoing 
chapter. Eliza and Maria, the two elder girls, were neither exactly pretty nor exactly plain, and were in all respects 
model young ladies, but Aletlea was exceeding pretty and of a lively, affectionate disposition, which was in sharp 
contrast with those of her brothers and sisters. There was a trace other grandfather, not only in her face, but in her 
Love of fin, of which her father had none, though not without a certain boisterous and rafter coarse quasi-humour 
which passed for wit with many. 

John grew up to be a good-looking gentlemanly fellow, with features a trifle too regular and finely chiselled. He 
dressed himself so nicely, had such good address, and stuck so steadily to his books 
that he became a favourite with his masters; he ad, however, an instinct for diplomacy, and was less popular with 
the boys. His father, in spite of the lectures he would at times read him, was in a way proud of him as he grew older; he 
saw in , moreover, one who would probably develop into a good man of business, and in whose hands the prospects 
of his house would not be likely to decline. John knew how to humour his fatter, and was at a comparatively early 
age admitted to as much of his confidence as it was in his nature to bestow on anyone. 

His brother Theobald was no match for him, knew it, and accepted his fate. He was not so good-looking as his brother, 
nor was his address so good; as a child he had been violently passionate; now, however, he was reserved and it, and, 
I should say, indolent in mind and body. He was less tidy than John less well able to assert himself, and less skilful in 
humouring the caprices of his father. I do not think he could have loved anyone heartily, but there was no 
one in his family circle who did not repress, rather than invite his affection, with the exception of his sister Alethea, and 
she was too quick and lively for his somewhat morose temper. He was always the scapegoat, and I have sometimes 
thought he had two fathers to contend against-his father and his brother John: a third and fourth also might almost be 
added n his sisters Eliza and Maria. Perhaps if he had felt his bondage very acutely he would not have put up 
with it, but he was constitutionally time, and the strong hand of his father knited him into the closest outward 
harmony with his brother and sisters. The boys were of use to their father in one respect. I mean that he played them off 
against each other. He kept them but poorly supplied with pocket money, and to Theobald would urge that the claims of 
his elder brother were naturally paramount, while he insisted to John upon the fact that he had a numerous family, and 
would firm solemnly that he expenses were so heavy that at his death there would be very little to divide. He did not 
care whether they compared notes or no, provided they did not do so in his presence. Theobald did not complain even 
behind his father's back. I knew him as intimately as anyone was likely to know him as a child, at school, and again at 
Cambridge, but he very rarely mentioned his father's name even while his father was alive, and never once in my 
hearing afterwards At school he was not actively disliked as his brother was, but he was too dull and deficient in 
animal spirits to be popular. Before he was well but of his frocks it was settled that he was to be a clergyman. I was 
seemly that Mr Pontifex, the well-known publisher of religious books, should devote at least one of his sons 
to the Church, this might tend to bring business, or at any rate to keep it in the firm; besides, Mr Pontifex had more or 
less-interest with bishops and Church dignitaries and might hope that some prefement would-be offered to his son 
through his influence. The boy's figure destiny was kept well before his eyes from his earnest childhood and was