Troy smiled. "Well, I was thinking maybe you would watch this one." 

Charity tried to look surprised. "With you?"She smiled and gave a little nod. “Yeah, okay. But let's get our 
ticket first." 

She shut the drawer and turned to the large metal bookcase along one wall of her booth. The case had 
several boxes and a printer on it. She watched as Tipy's ticket inched but of the printer. When it was 
done, she pulled it free and turned back. 

Now the woman was gone only the short round man was left. He was looking around, like he'd heard
something but wasn't sure what. 

"Now where'd she go?" asked Charity.
 
"What?" said Troy. 

"The woman at the back. She's gone now, too." 

Troy again turned to look then locked back, "Well, how that's really weird." 

"I know," said Charity, leaning close to the glass to look around.

"It's kinda like that girl who vanished a few days ago," said Troy. 

Charity's face hardened a little. "Yeah. I've known her since grade school. We, ah, never go along. Can't 
say I'm looking forward to her turning up. 

Troy laughed a little. "So harsh." 

Charity flushed a bit. "I know. I don't really mean that, I guess. She's been gone for days now." 

The man behind Troy cleared his throat. “Excuse me," he said, "can we move things along, please?" 

“Oh, right," said charity. She handed Troy his ticket sliding at under the glass. "Here you go." 

Troy took his ticket and stepped off towards the door. The man next in line stepped up and passed a 
dollar bill under the glass Charity took it, too embarrassed to say much, and opened the drawer. She 
looked down just long enough to lay the bill in the tray. She heard a tiny, muffled noise. She looked back 
up and the man was gone. 

She blinked at the empty air. "Sir?" she asked. “Sir?" She leaned forward and peered around. Nothing. She 
could see Troy, his back to her, off o the side. He was standing outside the door to the theater, reading 
the posters. 

"Troy?" she called. He apparently couldn't hear her through the glass She climbed up onto her stood and 
scanned the sidewalk. A dark smear led from where the man had been around to Charity's left, out of 
sight down an alley. She climbed back down, "Troy? She repeated, louder. 

This time he heard. He came back over, keeping his eyes on her. "What is it? Mr. Anxious leave?" 

"Well, yeah, but he didn't get his ticket. He just vanished." 

"What" 

"I'm serious. Do you see him out there?" 

Troy shrugged, grinned and looked around He took a step towards the glass and frowned. 

"Stepped on something," he said, then bent down to pick it up. He came back up, holding what he had 
found and looking at Charity with blank horror. Charity looked at what he held. It was small and red. It
was an ear. 

"What is that?" asked Charity, much too quiet for him to hear. 

Then with a wild feral sound something pounced on Troy. It looked like a person but moved much too 
quickly. It clamped its mouth on Troy's neck. Troy sereamed Blood shot from his neck and hit the glass. 
Charity jumped hack, falling over her stool and onto the floor. The stool cracked, sending hits of wood