moming if he were so minded? The possibility of this course being adopted was a favourite topic with him when he 
was out of temper; true, he never did apprentice either of us so to greengrocers, but h15 boys comparing notes 
together had sometimes come to the conclusion that they wished he would. At other times when not quite well me would 
have them in for the fun of shaking his will at them. He would in his imagination cut them all out one after another and 
leave his money to found almshouses, all at last he was obliged to put them back, so that he might have the pleasure of 
cutting them out again the next time he was in a passion. 

Of course is young people allow their conduct to be in any way influenced by regard to the wills of living persons they 
are doing very wrong and must expect to be sufferers in the end nevertheless the powers of will-dangling and will 
shaking are so liable to abuse and are continually made so great an engine of torture that I would pass a law, if I 
could, to incapacitate any man from making a will for three months from the date of each offence in either of the 
above respects and let the bench of magistrates or judge, before whom he has been convicted, dispose of his property
as they shall think right and reasonable if he dies during the time that his will-making power is suspended. 

Mr Pontifex would have the boys into the dining room. "My dear John, my dear Theobald," he would say, "look at me. 
I began life with nothing but the clothes with which my father and other sent me up to London. My father gave me ten 
shillings and my mother five for pocket money and I thought them munificent. I never asked my father for a shiling in 
the whole course of my life, nor took aught from him beyond the small sum he used to allow me monthly till I was 
in receipt of a salary. I made my own way and I shall expect my sons to do the same. Pray don't take it into your heads 
that I am going to wear my life out making money that my sons may spend it for me. If you want money you must make 
it for yourselves as I did, for I give you my word will not leave a penny to either of you unless you show that you 
deserve it. Young people seer nowadays to expect all kinds of luxuries and indulgences which were never heard of 
when I was a boy. Why, my father was a common carpenter, and here you are both of yal at public schools, costing me 
ever so many hundreds a year, while 1 at your age was pledding away behind a desk in my Uncle Faillie's counting 
house. What shade I not have done had had one-half your advantages? You should become dukes or 
found new empires in undiscovered countries, and even then I doubt whether you would have done proportionately so 
much as I have done. No, no, I shall see you through school and college and then, if you please, you will make your
own way in the world." In this manner he would work himself up into such a state of virtuous indignation that he would 
sometimes thrash the boys then and there upon some pretext invented at the moment.
 
And yet, as children went, the young Pontifexes were fortunate; there would be ten families of young people worse off 
for one better; they ate and drank good wholesome food, slept in comfortable beds, had the best doctors to attend them 
when they were ill and the best education that could be had for money. The want of fresh air does not seem much to 
affect the happiness of children in a London alley: the greater part of them sing and play as though they were 
on a moor in Scotland. So the absence of a genial mental atmosphere is not commonly recognised by children who 
have never known it.
 
Young people have a marvellous faculty of either dying or adapting themselves to circumstances. Even if they are 
unhappy-very unhappy--it i astonishing how easily they can be prevented from finding it out, or at any rate 
from attributing it to any other cake than their own sinfulness. To parents who wish to lead a quiet life I would say. Tell 
your children that they are very naughty-much naughtier than most children. Point to the young people of some 
acquaintances as models of perfection and impress your own children with a deep sense of their own inferiority. You 
carry so many more guns than they do that they cannot fight you This is called moral influence, and it 
will enable you to ounce them as much as you please. They think you know and they will not have yet caught you lying 
often enough to suspect that you are not the unworldly and scrupulously truthful person which you represent yourself to 
be; no yet will they know how great a coward you are, nor how soon you will run away, if they fight you with 
persistency and judgement. You keep the dice and throw them both for your children and yourself. Load them then, for 
you can easily manage to stop your children from examining them. 

Tell them how singularly indulgent you are; insist on the incalculable benefit you conferred upon then, firstly in 
bringing them into the world at all, but more particularly in bringing them into it as your own children rather than 
anyone else's. Say Brat you have their highest interests at stake whenever you are out of temper and wish to make 
yourself unpleasant by way of balm to your soul. Harp much upon these highest interests Feed them spiritually upon