flying. Blood coated the glass and she couldn't see out. Troy's scream degenerated into gurgling. Then 
there was only the sound of something eating. A wet, sucking sound. 

Charity sat where she fell shaking. The streetlight shone through Troy's blood casting the booth in 
various shades of red. The sucking sound continued. She stood slowly and made her way to the back of 
the booth, where a door let out into the theater. It was locked and the lock was old, requiring a key for 
both sides. Slowly, her hands shaking in the red light, she fished out the old key her boss had given her. 
She shipped it into the lock. 

The sucking sound stopped. Charity froze, afraid to make any sound, even the tiny sound of turning the 
key. Then something hit the booth with a loud thud Charity jumped, her hand jerked and the key came 
out. She held still and listened. Everything was quiet. She moved the key back to the lock but it wouldn't 
go in. She looked more closely at her hand. All she held was the top of the key. The rest was broken off 
in the lock. 

The thud came again. 

She turned back towards the glass, dropping the useless remains of the key. She listened. There was no 
sound for several moments. She hoped the thing had left. 

She took a step up. There was still no sound. She started to move again when the thud rang out a third 
time. She let out a little yell, then damped her hand over her mouth. 

Something slapped onto the glass Charity blinked at it, then realized it was a land. The land moved 
back and forth and up and down, smearing the blood. Finally it thinned out a spot Charity could see 
through. The hand dropped out of sight. 

Charity could do nothing but stand and listen to her quivering breath. She stared out the opening the 
hand had made. She could see a little of the street, few packed cars and a bicycle. Nothing else. 

"Hello?" she findly ventured, too low to be heard through the glass. 

"Who's there?" said a face that suddenly appeared in the opening. Charity jumped back, stumbling on the 
wood of her broken stool.
 
The face saw and laughed. It was a girl, Charity's age. Her chin was covered in blood. Charity realized she 
knew who it was. 

Charity is seven years old and sitting at the back of the school bus. She spends most of the ride staring at 
her feet. Jewel is a few seats up, talking to some boy with a jean jacket and a hostile, vacant look. Several 
times they look at Charity, say something to each other and laugh. Charity looks while trying not to look 
like she's looking. She catches Jewel's eye one time too many. Jewel slides out of her seat and walks back 
to Charity. 

"Hey, Charity," says Jewel "Richard was just telling me a really funny story. Would you like to come hear 
it?" 

harity looks at Jewel, then at Richard, then back at Jewel. She wonders if maybe they had been laughing 
at a story and not at her. She relates a little. 

"Okay," she says Jewel steps back behind the seat. Charity slips out. 

"Don't forget your lunchbox," says Jewel from behind Charity picks it up and begins to walk. Jewel grabs 
Charity's shorts and yanks them down to her ankles. The other kids start laughing. Charity drops her 
lunch box and it falls open. She bends down to grab her shorts and Jewel kicks her rear. Charity stumbles 
forward. Her foot kicks tile lunch box, which slides down the aisle in front of her. She falls, landing face 
down in her sandwich and baggie of chips. The kid roar with laughter. 

"Jewel?" said Charity. 

Jewel stopped laughing. Charity?' she said, mimicking Charity's tone.