sensitive to a rough touch or to any pressure from non-nitrogenous matter, but ar e sensitive to solid or fluid 
nitrogenous matter. -705-3. Drosera filiformis: see "Insectivorous Plants," page 281. The above account does 
not entirely agree with Darwin's published statement. The filaments moved when bits of cork or cinder were 
placed on them; they did not, however, respond to repeated touches with a needle, thus behaving differently 
from D. rotundifolia. It should be remembered that the last-named species is somewhat variable in reacting to 
repeated touches.- Is it not curious that there should be such diversified sensitiveness in allied plants? I 
received a very obliging letter from Mr. Morgan, but did not see him, as I think he said he was going to start at 
once for the Continent. I am sorry to hear rather a poor account of Mrs. Gray, to whom my wife and I both beg 
to be very kindly remembered. 

LETTER 706. TO C.V. RILEY. -706-1. In Riley's opinion his most important work was the series entitled 
"Annual Report on the Noxious, Beneficial, and other Insects of the State of Missouri" -Jefferson City-, 
beginning in 1869. These reports were greatly admir ed by Mr. Darwin, and his copies of them, especially of 
Nos. 3 and 4, show signs of careful reading.- Down, June 1st -1871-. I received some little time ago your report 
on noxious insects, and have now read the whole with the greatest interest. -706-2. "Third Annual Report on the 
Noxious, Beneficial, and other Insects of the State of Missouri" -Jefferson City, Mo.-. The mimetic case occurs 
at page 67; the 1875 pupae of Pterophorus periscelidactylus, the "Grapevine Plume," have pupae either green 
or reddish brown, the former variety being found on the leaves, the latter on the brown s tems of the vine.- There 
are a vast number of facts and generalisations of value to me, and I am struck with admiration at your powers 
of observation. The discussion on mimetic insects seems to me particularly good and original. Pray accept my 
cordial thanks for the instruction and interest which I have received. What a loss to Natural Science our poor 
mutual friend Walsh has been; it is a loss ever to be deplored... Your country is far ahead of ours in some 
respects; our Parliament would think any man mad who should propose to appoint a State Entomologist. 

LETTER 707A. TO C.V. RILEY. -706A-1. We have found it convenient to place the two letters to Riley together, 
rather than separate them chronologically.- Down, September 28th, 1881. I must wr ite half a dozen lines to say 
how much interested I have been by your "Further Notes" on Pronuba which you were so kind as to send me. - 
706A-2. "Proc. Amer. Assoc. Adv. Sci." 1880.- I had read the various criticisms, and though I did not know what 
answer could be made, yet I felt full confidence in your result, and now I see that I was right...If you make any 
further observation on Pronuba it would, I think, be well worth while for you to observe whether the moth can 
or does occasionally bring pollen from one plant to the stigma of a distinct one -706A-3. Riley discovered the 
remarkable fact that the Yucca moth -Pronuba yuccasella- lays its eggs in the ovary of Yucca flowers, which it 
has previously pollinated, thus making sure of a supply of ovules for the larvae.-, for I have shown that the 
cross-fertilisation of the flowers on the same plant does very little good; and, if I am not mistaken, you believe 
that Pronuba gathers pollen from the same flower which she fertilises. What interesting and beautiful 
observations you have made on the m etamorphoses of the grasshopper-destroying insects. 

LETTER 707. TO F. HILDEBRAND. Down, February 9th -1872-. Owing to other occupations I was able to 
read only yesterday your paper on the dispersal of the seeds of Compositae. -707-1. "Ueber die 
Verbreitungsmittel der Compos itenfruchte." "Bot. Zeitung," 1872, page 1.- Some of the facts which you mention 
are extremely interesting. I write now to suggest as worthy of your examination the curious adhesive filaments 
of mucus emitted by the achenia of many Compositae, of which no doubt you are aware. My attention was first 
called to the subject by the achenia of an Australian Pumilio -P. argyrolepis-, which I briefly described in the 
"Gardeners' Chronicle," 1861, page 5. As the threads of mucus dry and contract they draw the seeds up into a 
vertical position on the ground. It subsequently occurred to me that if these seeds were to fall on the wet hairs of 
any quadruped they would adhere firmly, and might be carried to any distance. I was informed that Decaisne 
has written a paper on these adhesive threads. What is the meaning of the mucus so copiously emitted from the 
moistened seeds of Iberis, and of at leas t some species of Linum? Does the mucus serve as a protection against 
their being devoured, or as a m eans of attachment. -707-2. Various theor ies have been suggested, e.g., that the 
slime by anchoring the seed to the soil facilitates the entrance of the radicle into the soil: the s lime has also 
been supposed to act as a temporary water-store. See Klebs in Pfeffer's "Untersuchungen aus dem Bot. Inst. zu 
Tubingen," I., page 581.- I have been prevented reading your paper sooner by attempting to read Dr. 
Askenasy's pamphlet, but the German is too difficult for me to make it all out. -707-3. E. Askenasy, "Beitrage 
zur Kritik der Darwin'schen Lehre." Leipzig, 1872.- H e seems to follow Nageli completely. I cannot but think 
that both much underrate the utility of various parts of plants; and that they greatly underrate the unknown laws 
of correlated growth, which leads to all sorts of modifications, when some one structure or the whole plant is 
modified for some particular object.