"What's going on out there?" asked Charity trying to keep her voice from shaking. "There's blood all over 
your face."
 
"There is?" asked Jewel. She touched her chin and held up her bloodied fingers to view then. She tasted the 
blood, then looked relieved. "Oh, that. That's his." She stepped to one side and held up Troy's head. It 
was no longer attached. Charity screamed and fell back against the door. 

"I thought you meant mine,"Jewel finished, moving back in front of the opening. She took b few steps 
back and hurled Troy's head against the glass. The glass held. Jewel let out a frustrated rear and 
slammed herself against the booth. 

"Let me in, Charity," she said, writhing against the glass. "I'm so hungry." She moved her tongue over the 
glass swabbing up Troy's blood. 

"LET ME IN!" she screamed, pounding her first on the glass with each word. Then she stopped writhing. 
She looked up at something Charity couldn't see, then back at Charity. She smiled, revealing two fangs. 

Then she leapt straight up, with a power and speed Charity wouldn't have thought possible. Charity 
looked around the booth, feeling the silence settle. Then a loud thud dame from above her. 

“Charity..." came Jewell's yoice from above. She drew out the word like she was calling for child. The 
thud came again. 

Charity knelt down, keeping her eyes on the ceiling She picked up a leg from her broken stool and 
straightened. She held it tight, trying not to shake. 

With a loud crack, Jewel's fist came through the ceiling. Her hands grabbed the hole's edges and 
wrenched them back. Jewel's head poked through. 

"There you are, she said, and hissed. She reached for Charity. 

Charity beat at Jewel's hand with the stick. Jewel twisted her arm around and grabbed hold of Charity's 
weapon. She pulled the stick, and Charity, towards her. Charity let go and the stick snapped back into 
Jewels eye. Jewel screamed and dropped it Her scream was like an animal. 

"Dammit!" she yelled and pulled back from the hole Charity ran to one side of the booth and grabbed the 
large metal bookcase. She pulled it forward and it fell, stopping when it hit the far wall. It straddled the 
booth at an angle, the top of the case blocking the hole. 

Jewel screeched and pounded at the bookcase. Charity heard her scratching and screaming. She picked 
up her stick and fought to control her breathing. 

harity is in high school and sitting in the cafeteria. She does her best to stare at her food. Jewel is at a 
nearby table with her current boyfriend. His arm is aroundJewel. Charity glances at them. Jewel sees the 
glance. 

"Hi, Charity!" she says, he voice overly sweet. Charity looks down and pretend not to hear. 

Jewel turns to her boyfriend and whispers loudly. She never says much. She's like some sort of dyke 
mute!"
 
The boy laughs and grabs a handful of food from his tray. He flings the wad at Charity. It slaps the side of 
her head, stinging her cheek and filling her ear with mush. 

"Hey Dyke!" he yells. "Quit fantasizing about my girlfriend!" 

The cafeteria erupts with laughter. All Charity can think is Why? Why would someone do this? She looks 
at Jewel, who is laughing, too. Jewel's eyes meet hers. Jewel blinks and stops laughing. She looks around, 
then slaps her boyfriend on the shoulder. 

"I didn't say to throw things at her," she says, then turns away. 

Jewel fell silent above the booth. Charity heard her run across the roof, then heard nothing. She listened 
carefully,gripping the stick hard. No noise came. She turned back to the window, straining to see