of the Wrekin; also to a boulder on the summit of the eminence -774 feet above sea-level-, "probably the same 
as that noticed many years ago by Mr. Darwin." 

In a later paper, "On the Correlation of the Drift-Deposits of the North-West of England with those of the 
Midland and Eastern Counties" -"Quart. Journ. Geol. Soc." Volume XXXVI., page 178, 1880- Mackintosh 
mentions a letter received from Darwin, "who was the first to elucidate the boulder-transporting agency of 
floating ice," containing an account of the great Ashley Heath boulder, which he was the first to discover and 
expose,...so as to find that the block rested on fragments of New Red Sands tone, one of which was split into two 
and deeply scored...The facts mentioned in the letter from Mr. Darwin would seem to show that the boulder 
must have fallen through water from floating ice with a force sufficient to split the under lying lump of 
sandstone, but not sufficient to crush it."- which I had undermined on the summit of Ashley Heath, 720 -?- feet 
above the sea, rested on clean blocks of the underlying red sands tone. I was also greatly interested by your long 
discussion on the Loss -514-4. For an account of the Loss of German geologists--"a fine-grained, more or less 
homogeneous, consistent, non-plastic loam, consisting of an intimate admixture of clay and carbonate of lime," 
see J. Geikie, loc. cit., page 144 et s eq.-; but I do not feel satisfied that all has been made out about it. I saw 
much brick-earth near Southampton in some manner connected with the angular gravel, but had not strength 
enough to make out relations. It might be worth your while to bear in mind the possibility of fine sediment 
washed over and interstratified with thick beds of frozen snow, and therefore ultimately dropped irrespective of 
the present contour of the country. I remember as a boy that it was said that the floods of the Severn were more 
muddy when the floods were caused by melting snow than from the heaviest rains; but why this should be I 
cannot see. Another subject has interested me much--viz. the sliding and travelling of angular debris. Ever since 
seeing the "streams of s tones" at the Falkland Islands -514-5. "Geological Observations on South America" - 
1846-, page 19 et seq.-, I have felt uneasy in my mind on this subject. I wish Mr. Kerr's notion could be fully 
elucidated about frozen snow. Some one ought to observe the movements of the fields of snow which supply the 
glaciers in Switzerland. Yours is a grand book, and I thank you heartily for the instruction and pleasure which it 
has given me. For heaven's sake forgive the untidiness of this whole note. 

LETTER 515. TO JOHN LUBBOCK -Lord Avebury-. Down, November 6th, 1881. If I had written your Address 
-515-1. Address delivered by Lord Avebury as President of the British Association at York in 1881. Dr. Hicks is 
mentioned as having classed the pre-Cambrian s trata in "four great groups of immense thickness and implying 
a great lapse of time" and giving no evidence of life. Hicks' third formation was named by him the Arvonian - 
"Quart. Journ. Geol. Soc." Volume XXXVII., 1881, Proc., page 55.- -but this requires a fearful stretch of 
imagination on my part- I should not alter what I had said about Hicks. You have the support of the President - 
of the- Geological Society -515-2. Robert Etheridge.-, and I think that Hicks is more likely to be right than X. 
The latter seems to me to belong to the class of objectors general. If Hicks should be hereafter proved to be 
wrong about this third formation, it would signify very little to you. I forget whether you go as far as to support 
Ramsay about lakes as large as the Italian ones: if so, I would m yself modify the passage a little, for these great 
lakes have always made me tremble for Ramsay, yet some of the American geologists support him about the still
larger N. Am erican lakes. I have always believed in the main in Ramsay's views from the date of publication, 
and argued the point with Lyell, and am convinced that it is a very inter esting step in Geology, and that you 
were quite right to allude to it. -515-3. "Glacial Origin of Lakes in Switzerland, Black Fores t, etc." -"Quart. 
Journ. Geol. Soc." Volume XVIII., pages 185-204, 1862-. Sir John Lubbock -Lord Avebur y- gives a brief 
statement of Ramsay's views concerning the origin of lakes -Presidential Address, Brit. Assoc. 1881, page 22-: 
"Prof. Ramsay divides lakes into three classes: -1- Those which are due to irregular accumulations of drift, and 
which are generally quite shallow; -2- those which are formed by moraines; and -3- those which occupy true 
basins scooped by glaciers out of the solid rocks. To the latter class belong, in his opinion, most of the great 
Swiss and Italian lakes...Professor Ramsay's theory seems, therefore, to account for a large number of 
interesting facts." Sir Archibald G eikie has given a good summary of Ramsay's theor y in his "Memoir of Sir 
Andrew Crombie Ramsay," page 361, London, 1895.- 

LETTER 516. TO D. MACKINTOSH. Down, February 28th, 1882. I have read professor Geikie's essay, and it 
certainly appears to me that he underrated the importance of floating ice. -516-1. "The Intercrossing of Erratics 
in Glacial Deposits," by James Geikie, "Scottish Naturalis t," 1881.- Memory extending back for half a century 
is worth a little, but I can remember nothing in Shropshire like till or ground moraine, yet I can distinctly 
remember the appearance of many sand and gravel beds--in some of which I found marine shells. I think it 
would be well worth your while to insist -but perhaps you have done so- on the absence of till, if absent in the 
Western Counties, where you find many erratic boulders. I was pleased to read the last sentence in Geikie's