through the smeared blood. All she could see was the street She realized the bike she'd seen before was 
gone. 

Then the bike was flying at her. It slammed into the glass, which cracked but held. Jewel had flung it with 
such force that it hung there, pressed against the glass, for a second before clattering to the sidewalk. 

Screaming, Jewel threw herself against the booth. She rammed her shoulder against the glass, then again, then 
again. "Let me in!" she yelled. 

She stopped staring at Charity Charity gripped the stick and stared back. She knew what Jewel had 
become. The blood, the fangs, the Inhuman speed and strength. In a sense, she' seen it many times. Flat 
cardboard cartoons hanging in Halloween windows. Plastic teeth and screechy music on late-night 
television. She told herself these things weren't red, but clearly Jewel was. 

She realized Jewel was looking past her. She turned her hedd and sav Jewel was looking at the locked 
door. She looked back. Jewel smiled, her fangs sliding past her curling lips.

Jewel darted off to the side of the booth and entered the theater. Charity turned to face the door. 

Within seconds the door shuddered with a loud thud. Charity realized the door was weaker than the 
reinforced glass The door shook again but the lock held. Jewel screamed and rushed the door again. It 
shook hard, and the wood around the lock began to crack. 

Charity turned and grabbed the bookcase. She pulled it over the other way, so that it now blocked the 
door instead of the hole. Jewel rammed the door again, grunting at the new resistance. She screeched 
and rushed it again, so hard the bookcase shook, then stopped. 

Charity stood facing the door, waiting. She didn't realize her mistake until she heard Jewel drop through 
the hole in the ceiling and land behind her. 

She turned, stopping when Jewel grabbed her throat. Jewel twisted her around the rest of the way. Her 
eyes were wide and hungry and she hissed through her open, fanged mouth. 

Charity is in college now, sitting under a tree on campus, reading. She sees Jewel approaching and 
pretends to keep reading She pretends to read as Jewel draws near and stops, staring down at her. Jewel 
sighs and sits down next to Charity. 

"Charity," says Jewel, "I want to say something. I know I've been terrible to you since we were kids. I've 
done awful, awful things, and I'm sorry. Please forgive me." 

Charity continues to read waiting for the joke. None comes Jewel looks at her, waiting for a response, 
then looks down Charity closes her book, gets up and walks away. 

Charity strained to twist away but Jewel's hands were too strong. Jewel ran her tongue over her teeth 
and began to move in. Charity realized her stick had a point at the end. 

“Jewel," she said as best she could with the strong hands around her neck, "I forgive you." 

Jewel blinked and her mouth closed. She looked like she was about to speak. Then she shook it off and 
opened her mouth. She leaned in towards Charity's neck, her lips straining as her jaw opened wider: 
Charity plunged the stick into Jewel's chest hoping it would wo 

his is your tast chance, sad the faded sign as Rich's headlights swept across it in the dark. Then it was 
gone, replaced by swiftly moving trees. 

"That may be," said Rich, but maybe I don't want to go to the Lonesome Oak Motel." 

"What?" said his wife Betty through the cell phone by his ear. 

“Nothing," said Rich, shifting to get a better grip on the wheel. “Just talking to the road signs.” 

“Mmm. Maybe you shouldn't be driving and talking on the phone at the same time." 

"What?" 

"Sounds like you're having a tough time focusing on the road as it is.