?want seeds of this plant, as I have plenty from artificial fertilisation. -723-2. In "Nature," June 22nd, 1876, page 
173, Hermann Muller communicated F. Muller's observation on the fertilisation of a bright-red-flowered 
species of Hedychium, which is visited by Callidryas, chiefly the males of C. Philea. The pollen is carried by the 
tips of the butterfly's wing, to which it is temporarily fixed by the slimy layer produced by the degeneration of 
the anther-wall. 

LETTER 724. TO W. THISELTON-DYER. Down, June 4th -1874-. I am greatly obliged to you about the 
Opuntia, and shall be glad if you can remember Catalpa. I wish some facts on the action of water, because I 
have been so surprised at a s tream not acting on Dionoea and Drosera. -724-1. See Pfeffer, "Untersuchungen 
Bot. Ins t. zu Tubingen," Bd. I., 1885, page 518. Pfeffer shows that in some cases--Drosera, for instance--water 
produces movement only when it contains fine particles in suspension. According to Pfeffer the stamens of 
Berberis, and the stigma of Mimulus, are both stimulated by gelatine, the action of which is, generally speaking, 
equivalent to that of water.- Water does not act on the stamens of Berber is, but it does on the stigma of 
Mimulus. It causes the flowers of the bedding-out Mesembryanthemum and Drosera to close, but it has not this 
effect on Gazania and the daisy, so I can make out no rule. I hope you ar e going on with Nepenthes; and if so, 
you will perhaps like to hear that I have just found out that Pinguicula can digest albumen, gelatine, etc. If a bit 
of glass or wood is placed on a leaf, the secretion is not increased; but if an insect or animal-matter is thus 
placed, the secretion is greatly increased and becomes feebly acid, which was not the case before. I have been 
astonished and much disturbed by finding that cabbage seeds excite a copious  ecretion, and am now 
endeavouring to discover what this means. -724-2. Clearly it had not occurred to Darwin that seeds may supply 
nitrogenous food as well as ins ects: see "Insectivorous Plants," page 390.- Probably in a few days' time I shall 
have to beg a little information from you, so I will write no more now. P.S. I heard from Asa Gray a week ago, 
and he tells me a beautiful fact: not only does the lid of Sarracenia secrete a sweet fluid, but there is a line or 
trail of sweet exudation down to the ground so as to tempt insects up. -724-3. A dried specimen of Sarracenia, 
stuffed with cotton wool, was sometimes brought from his study by Mr. Darwin, and made the subject of a little 
lecture to visitors of natural history tastes.- 

LETTER 725. TO W. THISELTON-DYER. Down, June 23rd, 1874. I wrote to you about a week ago, thanking 
you for information on cabbage seeds, asking you the name of Luzula or Carex, and on some other points; and I 
hope before very long to receive an answer. You must now, if you can, forgive me for being very troublesome, 
for I am in that state in which I would sacrifice friend or foe. I have ascertained that bits of certain leaves, 
for instance spinach, excite much secretion in Pinguicula, and that the glands absorb matter from the leaves. Now 
this morning I have received a lot of leaves from my futur e daughter-in-law in North Wales, having a surprising 
number of captured insects on them, a good many leaves, and two s eed-capsules. She informs me that the little 
leaves had excited secretion; and my son and I have ascertained this morning that the protoplasm in the glands 
beneath the little leaves has undoubtedly undergone aggregation. Therefore, absurd as it may sound, I am 
prepared to affirm that Pinguicula is not only insectivorous, but graminivorous, and granivorous! Now I want 
to beg you to look under the simple microscope at the enclosed leaves and seeds, and, if you possibly can, tell 
me their genera. The little narrow leaves are remarkable -725-1. Those of Erica tetralix.-; they are fleshy, with 
the edges much curled from the axis of the plant, and bear a few long glandular hairs; these grow in little tufts. 
These are the commonest in Pinguicula, and seem to afford most nutritious matter. A second leaf is like a 
miniature sycamore. With respect to the seeds, I suppose that one is a Carex; the other looks like that of Rumex, 
but is enclosed in a globular capsule. The Pinguicula grew on marshy, low, mountainous land. I hope you will 
think this subject sufficiently interesting to make you willing to aid m e as far as you can. Anyhow, forgive me for 
being so very troublesome. 

LETTER 726. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, August 30th -1874-. I am particularly obliged for your address. -726- 
1. Presidential address -Biological Section- at the Belfast meeting of the British Association, 1874.- It strikes 
me as quite excellent, and has interested me in the highest degree. Nor is this due to my having worked at the 
subject, for I feel sure that I should have been just as much struck, perhaps more so, if I had known nothing 
about it. You could not, in my opinion, have put the case better. There are several lights -besides the facts- in
 your essay new to me, and you have greatly honour ed me. I heartily congratulate you on so splendid a piece of 
 work. There is a misprint at page 7, Mits chke for Nitschke. There is a partial error at page 8, where you say 
 that Drosera is nearly indifferent to organic substances. This is much too strong, though they do act less 
 efficiently than organic with soluble nitrogenous matter; but the chief difference is in the widely different period 
 of subsequent re-expansion. Thirdly, I did not suggest to Sanderson his electrical experiments, though, no 
 doubt, my remarks led to his thinking of them. Now for your letter: you are very generous about Dionoea, but

