Trees appeared and disappeared in the headlights like ghosts. Like any one of them could be his brother, 
his sister-in-law his niece or nephew. 

"Ha ha," said Rich. "I'm just calling to check on you know what." 

"I just got back from the store with the pregnancy test. I haten't used it yet. So quit endangering your life 
to ask about it. Just worry about getting to your grandmother's safely." 

"Don't worry about me. I've been up and down this road since I was a kid." 

They both paused, knowing the implications of whether just said. 

She spoke first. How're you holding up?" 

"I said not to worry about me," he said. "The question is how Na-Na's holding up. That's what I'm going to 
check on." 

They both fell silent again. Rich stared at the road. The road that had taken his brother and his brother's 
family. Rich didn't know he hadn't wanted to know - exactly where the accident had happened. So it felt 
like the accident had happened everywhere along the way. They died here - they died here - they died - 

"They were going to her house when it happened," he continued. "She must be taking it very hard. 

"Just be careful, okay? And don't tell her about us trying to get pregnant. We swore it would be a surprise 
for everyone." 

"I will be careful and I won't tell her. You just get on that test." 

"Okay, okay. I'll go chug a bunch of water right now." 

Rich chuckled. "Okay. Call me when you know something. And keep trying until you get me. It's hard to et 
a signal down here." 

"Okay. I love you." 

"I love you,” said Rich. And they hung up. Rich hiked up one hip and slid the phone into his pants pocket. 
Another sign emerged from the dark. 

You Just Missed Your Last Chance. 

Twenty minutes later he arrived. He climbed out of his car and shut the door, chilled by the late fall air. 
His grandmother's house sat thirty feet from the driveway, looking as pleasant and inviting as he 
remembered. But in between the house and the driveway was the Tree. 

Even now, as an adult and supposedly past such things, Rich capitalized the word in his mind. It was the 
only thing he hadn't liked about visiting his grandmother as a child. The Tree's hulking form had lurked 
over his nightmares. It was huge, with big bulky roots, thick dark skin and long twisting branches. In late 
summer its large leaves would turn a red that had been too close to blood for young Rich. He would 
dream of the Tree wrapping its bloody leaves around him and forcing the life from his lungs. 

And now - under the fall moon with no leaves - the Tree looked like the skeleton of a deformed giant, 
twisted in the agony of its death and full of hate for the world. 

He hadn't thought of these things in years. He did his best to shake it off. He wrapped his coat around 
him, told himself he was just reacting to his brother's sudden death, and started walking. As he neared 
the Tree, the air fell silent The normal noises of the night - breeze, insects, night birds were stilled. The 
gradual awareness of it gnawed at his mind, but he willed himself to keep walking. 

A breeze rustled the branches as he passed. He stopped, thinking - How can it be quiet and breezy at 
the same time? He took another step and the branches rustled again. He could have sworn he heard his 
brother's voice whispering something. Something awful that scraped at the edge of his mind. A breeze, 
he told himself. Now stop being ridiculous. 

Then he walked, a little more quickly, the rest of the way to the porch.