?confess I cannot feel quite easy. Everyone, I suppose, thinks on what he has himself seen, and with Drosera, a 
bit of meat put on any one gland on its disc causes all the surrounding tentacles to bend to this point, and here 
there can hardly be differ entiated lines of conveyance. It seems to m e that the tentacles probably bend to that 
point wherever a molecular wave strikes them, which passes through the cellular tissue with equal ease in all 
directions in this particular case. -733-4. Speaking generally, the transmission takes place more readily in the 
longitudinal direction than across the leaf: see "Insectivorous Plants," page 239.- But what a fine case that of 
the Aurelia is! -733-5. Aurelia aurita, one of them edusae. "Nature," pages 269-71.- 

LETTER 734. TO W. THISELTON-DYER. 6, Queen Anne Street -December 1876-. Tell Hooker I feel greatly 
aggrieved by him: I went to the Royal Society to see him for once in the chair of the Royal, to admire his dignity 
and enjoy it, and lo and behold, he was not there. My outing gave me much satisfaction, and I was particularly 
glad to see Mr. Bentham, and to see him looking so wonderfully well and young. I saw lots of people, and it has 
not done me a penny's worth of harm, though I could not get to sleep till nearly four o'clock. 

LETTER 735. TO D. OLIVER. Down, October, 13th -1876?-. You must be a clair-voyant or something of that 
kind to have sent me such useful plants. Twenty-five years ago I described in my father's garden two forms of 
Linum flavum -thinking it a case of mere variation-; from that day to this I have several times looked, but never 
saw the second form till it arrived from Kew. Virtue is never its own reward: I took paper this summer to write 
to you to ask you to send me flowers, -so- that I might beg plants of this Linum, if you had the other form, and 
refrained, from not wishing to trouble you. But I am now sorry I did, for I have hardly any doubt that L. flavum 
never seeds in any garden that I have seen, because one form alone is cultivated by slips. -735-1. Id est, 
because, the plant being grown from slips, one form alone usually occurs in any one garden. It is also arguable 
that it is grown by s lips because only one form is common, and therefore seedlings cannot be raised.- -736-1. 
The following five letters refer to Darwin's work on "bloom"--a subject on which he did not live to complete his 
researches:-- One of his ear lies t letters on this subject was addressed in August, 1873, to Sir Joseph Hooker - 
736-2. Published in "Life and Letters," III., page 339.-: "I want a little information from you, and if you do not
 yourself know, please to enquire of some of the wise men of Kew. "Why are the leaves and fruit of so many
  plants protected by a thin layer of waxy matter -like the common cabbage-, or with fine hair, so that when such 
  leaves or fruit are immersed in water they appear as if encased in thin glass? It is really a pretty sight to put a 
  pod of the common pea, or a raspberry, into water. I find several leaves are thus protected on the under surface 
  and not on the upper. "How can water injure the leaves, if indeed this is at all the case?" On this latter point 
  Darwin wrote to the late Lord Farrer: "I am now become mad about drops of water injuring leaves. Please ask 
  Mr. Payne -736-3. Lord Farrer's gardener.- whether he believes, FROM HIS OWN EXPERIENCE, that drops of 
  water injure leaves or fruit in his conservatories. It is said that the drops act as burning-glasses; if this is true, 
  they would not be at all injurious on cloudy days. As he is so acute a man, I should very much like to hear his 
  opinion. I remember when I grew hothouse orchids I was cautioned not to wet their leaves; but I never then 
  thought on the subject." The next letter, though of later date than some which follow it, is printed here because 
  it briefly sums his results and serves as guide to the letters dealing with the subject.- 
  
  LETTER 736. TO W. THISELTON-DYER. -736-4. Published in "Life and Letters," III., page 341.- Down, 
  September 5th -1877-. One word to thank you. I declare, had it not been for your kindness, we should have 
  broken down. As it is we have made out clearly that with some plants -chiefly succulent- the bloom checks 
  evaporation--with some certainly prevents attacks of insects; with SOME s ea-shore plants prevents injury from 
  salt water, and, I believe, with a few prevents injury from pure water resting on the leaves. This latter is as yet 
  the most doubtful and the most interesting point in relation to the movements of plants. -736-5. Modern 
  research, especially that of Stahl on transpiration -"Bot. Zeitung," 1897, page 71- has shown that the question 
  is more complex than it appeared in 1877. Stahl's point of view is that moisture remaining on a leaf checks the 
  transpiration-current; and by thus diminishing the flow of mineral nutriment interferes with the process of 
  assimilation. Stahl's idea is doubtless applicable to the whole problem of bloom on leaves. For other references 
  to bloom see letters 685, 689 and 693.- 
  
  LETTER 737. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, August 19th, 1873. The next time you walk round the garden ask Mr. 
  Smith -737-1. Probably John Smith -1798-1888-, for some years Curator, Royal Gardens, Kew.-, or any of your 
  best men, what they think about injury from watering during sunshine. One of your men--viz., Mr. Payne, at
  Abinger, who seems very acute--declares that you may water safely any plant out of doors in sunshine, and that 
  you may do the same for plants under glass if the sashes are opened. This seems to me very odd, but he seems 
  positive on the point, and acts on it in raising splendid grapes. Another good gardener maintains that it is only 
  COLD water dripping often on the same point of a leaf that ever injures it. I am utter ly perplexed, but interested