whether they are coated with a waxy secretion. -685-1. See Letters 737-41.- There is another and very different 
subject, about which I intend to write, and should be very glad of a little information. Are ear thworms - 
Lumbricus- common in S. Brazil -685-2. F. Muller's reply is given in "Vegetable Mould," page 122.-, and do 
they throw up on the surface of the ground numerous castings or vermicular masses such as we so commonly 
see in Europe? Are such castings found in the fores ts beneath the dead withered leaves? I am sure I can trust to 
your kindness to forgive me for asking you so many questions. 

LETTER 686. TO F. MULLER. Down, July 24th, 1878. Many thanks for the five kinds of seeds; all have 
germinated, and the Cassia seedlings have interested me much, and I daresay that I shall find something 
curious in the other plants. Nor have I alone profited, for Sir J. Hooker, who was her e on Sunday, was very glad 
of some of the seeds for Kew. I am particularly obliged for the information about the earthworms. I suppose the 
soil in your forests is very loose, for in ground which has lately been dug in England the worms do not come to 
the surface, but deposit their castings in the midst of the loose soil. I have some grand plants -and I formerly 
sent seeds to Kew- of the cleistogamic grass, but they show no signs of producing flowers of any kind as yet. 
Your case of the panicle with open flowers being sterile is parallel to that of L eersia oryzoides. I have always 
fancied that cross-fertilisation would perhaps make such panicles fertile. -686-1. The meaning of this sentence 
is somewhat obscure. Darwin apparently implies that the perfect flowers, borne on the panicles which 
occasionally emerge from the sheath, might be fertile if pollinated from another individual. See "Forms of 
Flowers," page 334.- I am working away as hard as I can at all the multifarious kinds of movements of plants, 
and am trying to reduce them to some simple rules, but whether I shall succeed I do not know. I have sent the 
curious lepidopteron case to Mr. Meldola. 

LETTER 687. F. MULLER TO CHARLES DARWIN. -687-1. In November, 1880, on receipt of an account of a 
flood in Brazil from which Fritz Muller had barely escaped with his life -"Life and Letters," III., 242-; Darwin 
immediately wrote to Hermann Muller begging to be allowed to help in making good any loss in books or 
scientific instruments that his brother had sustained. It is this offer of help that is referred to in the first 
paragraph of the following letter: Darwin repeats the offer in Letter 690.- Blumenau, Sa Catharina, Brazil, 
January 9th, 1881. I do not know how to express -to- you my deep heartfelt gratitude for the generous offer 
which you made to my brother on hearing of the late dreadful flood of the Itajahy. From you, dear sir, I should
 have accepted assistance without hesitation if I had been in need of it; but fortunately, though we had to leave 
 our house for more than a week, and on returning found it badly damaged, my losses have not been very great. 
 I must thank you also for your wonderful book on the movements of plants, which arrived her e on New Year's 
 Day. I think nobody else will have been delighted more than I was with the results which you have arrived at by 
 so many admirably conducted experiments and observations; since I observed the spontaneous revolving 
 movement of Alisma I had seen similar movements in so many and so different plants that I felt much inclined to 
 consider spontaneous revolving movement or circumnutation as common to all plants and the movements of 
 climbing plants as a special modification of that general phenomenon. And this you have now convincingly, nay, 
 superabundantly, proved to be the case. I was much s truck with the fact that with you Maranta did not sleep for 
 two nights after having its leaves violently shaken by wind, for here we have very cold nights only after storms 
 from the west or south-west, and it would be very strange if the leaves of our numerous species of Marantaceae 
 should be prevented by these storms to assume their usual nocturnal position, just when nocturnal radiation was 
 most to be feared. It is rather strange, also, that Phaseolus vulgaris should not sleep during the early part of the 
 summer, when the leaves are most likely to be injured during cold nights. On the contrary, it would not do any 
 harm to many sub- tropical plants, that their leaves must be well illuminated during the day in order that they 
 may assume at night a vertical position; for, in our climate at least, cold nights are always preceded by sunny 
 days. Of nearly allied plants sleeping very differently I can give you some more instances. In the genus Olyra - 
 at least, in the one species observed by me- the leaves bend down vertically at night; now, in Endlicher' s 
 "Genera plantarum" this genus immediately precedes Strephium, the leaves of which you saw rising vertically. 
 In one of two species of Phyllanthus, growing as weeds near m y house, the leaves of the erect branches bend 
 upwards at night, while in the second species, with horizontal branches, they sleep like those of Phyllanthus 
 Niruri or of Cassia. In this second species the tips of the branches also are cur led downwards at night, by which 
 movement the youngest leaves are yet better protected. From their vertical nyctitropic position the leaves of this
 Phyllanthus might return to horizontality, traversing 90 deg, in two ways, either to their own or to the opposite 
 side of the branch; on the latter way no rotation would be required, while on the former each leaf must rotate 
 on its own axis in order that its upper surface may be turned upwards. Thus the way to the wrong side appears 
 to be even less troublesome. And indeed, in some rare cases I have seen three, four or even almost all the leaves

