Have you ever attended to glacier action? After having seen N. Wales, I can no more doubt the former existence 
of gigantic glaciers than I can the sun in the heaven. I could distinguish in N. Wales to a certain extent icebergs 
from glacier action -Lyell has shown that icebergs at the present day score rocks-, and I suspect that in 
Lochaber the two actions are united, and that the scored rock on the watersheds, when tideways, were rubbed 
and bumped by half-stranded icebergs. You will, no doubt, attend to Glen Glaster. Mr. Milne, I think, does not 
mention whether shelf 4 enters it, which I should like to know, and especially he does not state whether rocks 
worn on their upper faces are found on the whole 212 -feet- vertical course of this Glen down to near L. 
Loggan, or whether only in the upper part; nor does he state whether these rocks are scored, or polished, or
moutonnees, or whether there ar e any "perched" boulders there or elsewhere. I suspect it would be difficult to 
distinguish between a river-bed and tidal channel. Mr. Milne's description of the Pass of Mukkul, expanding to 
a width of several hundred yards 21 feet deep in the shoalest part, and with a worn islet in the middle, sounds to 
me much more like a tidal channel than a river-bed. There must have been, on the latter view, plenty of fresh 
water in those days. With respect to the coincidence of the shelves with the now watersheds, Mr. Milne only 
gives half of my explanation. Please read page 65 of my paper. -520-3. "Observations on the Parallel Roads of 
Glen Roy, and of other Parts of Lochaber in Scotland, with an Attempt to Prove that they are of Marine Origin." 
"Phil. Trans. R. Soc." 1839, page 39. -Read February 7th, 1839.-- I allude only to the head of Glen Roy and 
Kilfinnin as silted up. I did not know Mukkul Pass; and Glen Roy was so much covered up that I did not search 
it well, as I was not able to walk very well. It has been an old conjectural belief of mine that a rising surface 
becomes stationary, not suddenly, but by the movement becoming very slow. Now, this would greatly aid the 
tidal currents cutting down the passes between the mountains just before, and to the level of, the stationary 
periods. 

The currents in the fiords in T. del Fuego in a narrow crooked part are often most violent; in other parts they 
seem to silt up. Shall you do any levelling? I believe all the levelling has been -done- in Glen Roy, nearly 
parallel to the Great Glen of Scotland. For inequalities of elevation, the valley of the Spean, at right angles to 
the apparent axes of elevation, would be the one to examine. If you go to the head of Glen Roy, attend to the 
apparent shelf above the highest one in Glen Roy, lying on the south side of Loch Spey, and therefore beyond 
the watershed of Glen Roy. It would be a crucial case. I was too unwell on that day to examine it carefully, and 
I had no levelling instruments. Do these fragments coincide in level with Glen Gluoy shelf? MacCulloch talks of 
one in Glen Turret above the shelf. I could not see it. These would be important discoveries. But I will write no 
more, and pray your forgiveness for this long, ill-written outpouring. I am very glad you keep to your subject of 
the terraces. I have lately observed that you have one great authority -C. Prevost-, -not- that authority signifies 
a -farthing?- on your side respecting your heretical and damnable doctrine of the ocean falling. You see I am 
orthodox to the burning pitch. 

LETTER 521. TO D. MILNE-HOME. Down, -September- 20th, -1847-. I am much obliged by your note. I 
returned from London on Saturday, and I found then your memoir -521-1. "On the Parallel Roads of Lochaber, 
with Remarks on the Change of Relative Levels of Sea and Land in Scotland, and on the Detrital Deposits in 
that Country," "Trans. R. Soc. Edinb." Volume XVI., page 395, 1849. -Read March 1st and April 5th, 1847.--, 
which I had not then received, owing to the porter having been out when I last sent to the Geological Society. I 
have read your paper with the greatest interest, and have been much struck with the novelty and importance of 
many of your facts. I beg to thank you for the courteous manner in which you combat me, and I plead quite 
guilty to your rebuke about demonstration. -521-2. Mr. Milne quotes a passage from Mr. Darwin's paper -"Phil. 
Trans. R. Soc." 1839, page 56-, in which the latter speaks of the marine origin of the parallel roads of Lochaber 
as appearing to him as having been demons trated. Mr. Milne adds: "I regret that Mr. Darwin should have 
expressed himself in these very decided and confident terms, especially as his survey was incomplete; for I 
venture to think that it can be satisfactorily established that the parallel roads of Lochaber were formed by 
fresh-water lakes" -Milne, loc. cit., page 400-.- You have misunderstood my paper on a few points, but I do not 
doubt that is owing to its being badly and tediously written. 

You will, I fear, think me very obstinate when I say that I am not in the least convinced about the barriers -521- 
3. Mr. Milne believed that the lower parts of the valleys were filled with detritus, which constituted barriers and 
thus dammed up the waters into lakes.-: they remain to m e as improbable as ever. But the oddest result of your 
paper on me -and I assure you, as far as I know mys elf, it is not perversity- is that I am very much staggered in 
favour of the ice-lake theory of Agassiz and Buckland -521-4. Agassiz and Buckland believed that the lakes 
which formed the "roads" were confined by glaciers or moraines. See "The Glacial Theory and its Recent 
Progress," by Louis Agassiz, "Edinb. New Phil. Journ." Volume XXXIII., page 217, 1842 -with map-.-: until I