terrace to be marine, and would remove one of my greatest difficulties-- viz. the vast contrast of Welsh and 
Lochaber valleys. But then, as far as I dare trust my observations, the sloping terraces ran far up the Roy 
valley, so as to reach not far below the lower shelf. If the sloping fringes are marine and the shelves lacustrine, 
all I can say is that nature has laid a shameful trap to catch an unwary wretch. I suppose that I have underrated 
the power of lakes in producing pebbles; this, I think, ought to be well looked to. I was much struck in Wales on 
carefully comparing the glacial scratches under a lake -formed by a moraine and which must have existed since 
the Glacial epoch- and above water, and I could perceive NO difference. I believe I saw many such beds of good 
pebbles on level of lower shelf, which at the time I could not believe could have been found on shores of lake. 
The land-straits and little cliffs above them, to which I referred, were quite above the highest shelf; they may be 
of much more ancient date than the shelves. Some terrace-like fringes at head of the Spey strike me as very 
suspicious. Mr. J. refers to absence of pebbles at considerable heights: he must remember that every storm, 
every deer, every hare which runs tends to roll pebbles down hill, and not one ever goes up again. I may 
mention that I particularly alluded to this on S. Ventanao -525-2. "Geolog. Obs. on South America," page 79. 
"On the flanks of the mountains, at a height of 300 or 400 feet above the plain, there were a few small patches 
of conglomerate and breccia, firmly cemented by ferruginous matter to the abrupt and battered face of the 
quartz--traces being thus exhibited of ancient sea-action."- in N. Patagonia, a great isolated rugged quartz- 
mountain 3,000 feet high, and I could find not one pebble except on one very small spot, where a ferruginous 
spring had firmly cemented a few to the face of mountain. If the Lochaber lakes had been formed by an ice- 
period posterior to the -marine?- sloping terraces in the Spean, would not Mr. J. have noticed gigantic 
moraines across the valley opposite the opening of Lake Treig? I go so far as not to like making the elevation of 
the land in Wales and Scotland considerably different with respect to the ice-period, and still more do I dislike it 
with respect to E. and W. Scotland. But I may be prejudiced by having been so long accustomed to the plains of 
Patagonia. But the equality of level -barring denudation- of even the Secondary formations in Britain, after so 
many ups and downs, always impresses my mind, that, except when the crust-cracks and mountains are formed, 
movements of elevation and subsidence are generally very equable. But it is folly my scribbling thus. You have a 
grand problem, and heaven help you and Mr. Jamieson through it. It is out of my line nowadays, and above and 
beyond me. 

LETTER 526. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, September 28th -1861-. It is, I believe, true that Glen Roy shelves -I 
remember your Indian letter- were formed by glacial lakes. I persuaded Mr. Jamieson, an excellent observer, to 
go and observe them; and this is his result. There are some great difficulties to be explained, but I presume this 
will ultimately be proved the truth... 

LETTER 527. TO C. LYELL. Down, October 1s t -1861-. Thank you for the most interesting correspondence. 
What a wonderful case that of Bedford. -527-1. No doubt this refers to the discovery of flint implements in the 
Valley of the Ouse, near Bedford, in 1861 -see Lyell's "Antiquity of Man," pages 163 et seq., 1863.- I thought 
the problem sufficiently perplexing before, but now it beats anything I ever heard of. Far from being able to 
give any hypothesis for any par t, I cannot get the facts into my mind. What a capital observer and reasoner Mr. 
Jamieson is. The only way that I can reconcile my memory of Lochaber with the state of the Welsh valleys is by 
imagining a great barrier, formed by a terminal moraine, at the mouth of the Spean, which the river had to cut 
slowly through, as it drained the lowest lake after the Glacial period. This would, I can suppose, account for the 
sloping terraces along the Spean. I further presume that sharp transverse moraines would not be formed under 
the waters of the lake, where the glacier came out of L. Treig and abutted against the opposite side of the valley. 
A nice mess I made of Glen Roy! I have no spare copy of my Welsh paper -527-2. "Notes on the Effects 
produced by the Ancient Glaciers of Caernarvonshire, and on the Boulders transported by Floating Ice," 
"Edinb. New Phil. Journ." Volume XXXIII., page 352, 1842.-; it would do you no good to lend it. I suppose I 
thought that there must have been floating ice on Moel Tryfan. I think it cannot be disputed that the last event in 
N. Wales was land-glaciers. I could not decide where the action of land-glaciers ceased and marine glacial 
action commenced at the mouths of the valleys. What a wonderful case the Bedford case. Does not the N. 
American view of warmer or more equable period, after great Glacial period, become much more probable in 
Europe? But I am very poorly to-day, and very stupid, and hate everybody and everything. One lives only to 
make blunders. I am going to write a little book for Murray on Orchids -527-3. "On the Various Contrivances 
by which Orchids are Fertilised by Insects," London, 1862.-, and to-day I hate them worse than everything. So 
farewell, in a sweet frame of mind. 

LETTER 528. TO C. LYELL. Down, October 14th -1861-. I return Jam ieson's capital letter. I have no 
comments, except to say that he has removed all m y difficulties, and that now and for evermore I give up and

