inspection one night, Pam saw that a symbol had once been painted on the leather, but was now too 
worn to make out. Tilting it in her hands, she could feel its mysterious contents shift as it rattled in the 
quiet of her office. 

The pot had her mesmerized. Pam spent a lot of time each night debating whether she should open it or 
not. Bach night, as she cradled it in her hands, she would stare at the leather lid, knowing that once 
removed it would never go back on. The leather had stretched and deformed over the years and would 
likely crack and tear when she pulled it off Each night she would set it back on the shelf unopened and 
stumble to bed, unaware of the silent anticipation it would radiate throughout the evening hours. 

She was naked. or at least, she felt like she should he. 

Standing along the tops of the cliff and gazing into the valley below, Pam realized through muddled 
thoughts that her state of dress really didn't matter. Sure enough, upon gazing down, she saw she was 
clad in nondescript clothing that weighed nothing. Her thoughts were slightly hazy as she stared down 
into the abandoned cliff dwellings below. 

Time was distorted. She maneuvered through the different dig sites, random tidbits of knowledge 
flickering into her mind like sticky bumblebees. Her legs stretched like taffy as she crossed great ravines, 
her heart pounding in her chest as she called out to no one in particular. 

The world briefly faded into darkness and Pam realized for just a moment that she was waking up. 
Calming herself she slipped once again into the deep senseless realm of dreams. 

Things solidified. Nondescript clothing became her yoga pants and a tank top. It was too hot for the 
sweat pants she usually wore. Walking barefoot through the rocks, Pam realized that her ears had 
become attuned to the steady beating of a drum. 

The sound bounced around the cliff walls, echoing like whispers around her ears. Words from a lost 
language tickled her cheeks and she found herself drawn towards them. 

Crossing the cliff tops, she could see fleeting shadow figures disappear into the brush and ancient homes. 
Turning her head, she saw one such figure stretch impossibly thin to squeeze through an opening the 
size of her fist. The spirits of the cliffs treated her as anathema, and she couldn't help but feel sad. 

The drumming was louder now and she pushed her way through cornstalks. She realized that the stalks 
bent away from her and led her forward until she stood overlooking one of the larger sites. Her 
conscious mind reached through several layers of sleep and a name came to mind. 

"Spruce Tree House." She spoke the words out loud and the cliff melted before her into set of stone stairs. 

She walked forward, watching shadows peel away from her approach. As she walked into the ruins, she 
saw that the buildings were all intact, untouched by the ravages of time. In the middle of the site, the 
drumming sounds emanated from a hole in the ground. A ladder was propped through the hole and led 
down into a family ritual chamber known as a kive. 

In real life, she had snapped several pictures from the inside of this structure. Here in the dream world, 
however, the Kiva felt like a giant heart pulsing with its own magical beat, running in cadence alongside 
that of the drunk.

Her curiosity led her to the hole. She grabbed hold of the ladder at the entrance and descended. 

The darkness surrounded her, chased away only by the single sliver of daylight that highlighted her 
journey downward. Even though she traveled only few rungs, when she stepped away from the ladder, 
she saw that the room she was in stretched off forever into the dark depths of her own mind.