subjects; and I cannot express too strongly my admiration at the accuracy of his varied knowledge, and at his 
powers of generalisation. From Dr. Hooker's disposition, no one, in my opinion, is more fitted to communicate 
to beginners a strong taste for those pursuits to which he is himself so ardently devoted. For the sake of the 
advancement of Botany in all its branches, your son has my warmest wishes for his success. 

LETTER 581. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, Thursday -June 11th, 1847-. Many thanks for your kindness about the 
lodgings--it will be of great use to me. -581-1. The British Association met at Oxford in 1847.- Please let me 
know the address if Mr. Jacobson succeeds, for I think I shall go on the 22nd and write previously to my 
lodgings. I have since had a tempting invitation from Daubeny to meet Henslow, etc., but upon the whole, I 
believe, lodgings will answer best, for then I shall have a secure solitary retreat to rest in. I am extremely glad I 
sent the Laburnum -581-2. This refers to the celebrated form known as Cytisus Adami, of which a full account is 
given in "Variation of Animals and Plants, " Volume I., Edition II., page 413. It has been supposed to be a 
seminal hybrid or graft-hybrid between C. laburnum and C. purpureus. It is remarkable for bearing "on the 
same tree tufts of dingy red, bright yellow, and purple flowers, borne on branches having widely different leaves 
and manner of growth." In a paper by Camuzet in the "Annales de la Societe d'Horticulture de Paris, XIII., 
1833, page 196, the author tries to show that Cytisus Adami is a sem inal hybrid between C. alpinus and C. 
laburnum. Fuchs -"Sitz. k. Akad. Wien," Bd. 107- and Beijerinck -"K. Akad. Amsterdam," 1900- have spoken on 
Cytisus Adami, but throw no light on the origin of the hybrid. See letters to Jenner Weir in the present volume.-: 
the raceme grew in centre of tree, and had a most minute tuft of leaves, which presented no unusual 
appearance: there is now on one raceme a terminal bilateral -i.e., half yellow, half purple- flower, and on other 
raceme a single terminal pure yellow and one adjoining bilateral flower. If you would like them I will send 
them; otherwise I would keep them to see whether the bilateral flowers will seed, for Herbert -581-3. Dean 
Herbert.- says the yellow ones will. 

Herbert is wrong in thinking there are no somewhat analogous facts: I can tell you some, when we meet. I know 
not whether botanists consider each petal and stamen an individual; if so, there seems to me no especial 
difficulty in the case, but if a flower-bud is a unit, are not their flowers very strange? I have seen Dillwyn in the 
"Gardeners' Chronicle," and was disgus ted at it, for I thought my bilateral flowers would have been a novelty 
for you. -581-4. In a letter to Hooker, dated June 2nd, 1847, Darwin makes a bold suggestion as to floral 
symmetry:--- I s end you a tuft of the quas i-hybr id Laburnum, with two kinds of flowers on same stalk, and with 
what strikes -me- as very curious -though I know it has been observed before-, namely, a flower bilaterally 
different: one other, I observe, has half its calyx purple. Is this not very curious, and opposed to the 
morphological idea that a flower is a condensed continuous spire of leaves? Does it not look as if flowers were 
normally bilateral; just in the same way as we now know that the radiating star-fish, etc., are bilateral? The 
case reminds me of those insects with exactly half having secondary male characters and the other half female. - 
581-5. It is interesting to note his change of view in later years. In an undated letter written to Mr. Spencer, 
probably in 1873, he says: "With respect to asymmetry in the flowers themselves, I remain contented, from all 
that I have seen, with adaptation to visits of insects. There is, however, another factor which it is likely 
enough may have come into play-- viz., the protection of the anthers and pollen from the injurious effects of rain. I think 
so because several flowers inhabiting rainy countries, as A. Kerner has lately shown, bend their heads down in 
rainy weather."- 

LETTER 582. TO J.D. HOOKER. June -1855-. -582-1. This is an early example of Darwin's interest in the 
movements of plants. Sleeping plants, as is well-known, may acquire a rhythmic movement differing from their 
natural period, but the precise experiment her e descr ibed has not, as far as known, been carried out. See 
Pfeffer, "Periodis che Bewegungen," 1875, page 32.- I thank you much for Hedysarum: I do hope it is not very 
precious, for, as I told you, it is for probably a most foolish purpose. I read somewhere that no plant closes its 
leaves so promptly in darkness, and I want to cover it up daily for half an hour, and see if I can TEACH IT to 
close by itself, or more easily than at first in darkness. I am rather puzzled about its transmission, from not 
knowing how tender it is... 

LETTER 583. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, July 19th, 1856. I thank you warmly for the very kind manner with 
which you have taken my request. It will, in truth, be a most important service to me; for it is absolutely 
necessary that I should discuss single and double creations, as a very crucial point on the general origin of 
species, and I must confess, with the aid of all sorts of visionary hypotheses, a very hostile one. I am delighted 
that you will take up possibility of crossing, no botanist has done so, which I have long regretted, and I am glad 
to see that it was one of A. De Candolle's desiderata. By the way, he is curiously contradictory on subject. I am 
far from expecting that no cases of apparent impossibility will be found; but certainly I expect that ultimately

