That single sliver of light illuminated a man adorned in fur and feathers. He sat there, his eyes closed 
and his mouth open, breathing the earthen air as he beat his hands 412.a tiny drum. In the infinite space 
below the ground, the beats travelled forever into the emptiness. 

Pam stood transfixed. The light illuminated the shaman's face just right, casting eerie shadows into his 
mouth and beneath his eyes. She flinched when he opened his eyes, seeing her for the first time.
 
The heating of the drum ceased. Pam looked down to see that his hands were empty, the drum lost to t
he darkness. 

He regarded her with an intense glare. The room was full of a heavy stillness that pressed into Pam's 
body so hard she fell to her knees, panting for air. 

The shaman spoke words Pam didn't understand, muddy words that clumped and rolled off of his tongue 
in syllables that Pam couldn't place. 

Staring deep into her eyes, the shaman held something up. Pam recognized it as the pot she had thrown 
into the ravine. 

"Anasazi." It was the one word she understood. He tapped the pot meaningfully and then waved one 
hand into the darkness. Sounds of terror and sadness filled the air and Pam covered her ears to shut out 
the noise. 

The Shaman held the pot in her face and shook it with angel: 

“Anasazi!" He shouted and cast the pot at her feet. She looked down and realized the ground was gone 
beneath her. 

She felt away into the darkness, the narrow band of light receding from her vision untit it became a
solitary star. 

Pam awoke under a heavy smothering weight. Panicked, she rolled out of bed, tearing at the thing 
covering her face. 

Genie yowled as he was unceremoniously tossed from the bed and he disappeared around the corner, as 
if that was where he was heading all along. 

Two months to the day had passed. Every night ended the same, with a rolling examination of the black 
and white pot, listening to the soft shuffling within It was October now and the first big snowstorm of 
the year had hit Sitting in her chair wearing an old oversized sweater from an ex boyfriend, she held the 
pot in her hands and gazed outside into the night sky. 

In the last two months, things had begun to change for Pan. The guilt of her act had slowly begun 
gnawing away at her conscience. Frequent trips to the grocery store had grown further and further 
apart as casual looks from other shoppers had begun to feel like pointed accusations. Her shopping 
hours were now in the early midmorning Hours, away from prying eyes. 

Avoiding phone calls from her few friends and family alike, her time at home was now spent with that 
cursed pot. Evenings were spent hypnotically tracing those damned black lines as they sunk into squares 
and blades of glass. Some nights it felt almost hot to the touch. 

Staring deep into her eyes, the shaman held something up. Þam recognized it as the pot she had thrown 
into the ravine.