"Talk of his successful son," shorted my father, whom I had fairly roused. "He is not fit to black his father's boots. He 
has his thousands of pounds a year, while his father had perhaps three thousand shillings a year towards the end of his 
life. He IS a successful man; but his fatter, hobbling about Paleham Street in his grey worsted stockings, broad 
brimmed hat and brown swallow-tailed coat was worth a hundred of George Pentifexes, for all his carriages and horses 
and the airs he gives himself. But yet," he added, "George Pontifex is no fool either." And thisbring us to the second 
generation of the Pontifex family with my whom we need concern ourselves. _

_Old Mr Pontifex had married in the year 1750, but for fifteen years his wife bore no children. At the end of that time 
Mrs Pontifex astonished the whole village by showing unmistakable signs of a disposition to present her husband with 
an heir or heiress. Hers had long ago been considered a hopeless case and when on consulting the doctor concerning the 
meaning of certain symptoms she was irformed of their significance, she became very angry and abused the 
doctor roundly for talking nonsense. She refused to put so much asa piece of thread into a needle in anticipation of her 
confinementand would have been absolutely unprepared, if her neighbours had not 
been better judges of her condition than she was, and got things ready without telling her anything about it. Perhaps 
she feared Nemesis, though assuredly she knew not who or what Nemesis was;perhaps she feared the doctor had made 
mistake and she should belaughed at; from whatever cause, however, her refusal to recognise the obvious arose, she 
certainly refused to recognise it, until onesnowy right in January the doctor was sent for with a urgent speed 
across the rough country roads. When he arrived he found two patients, not one, in need of his assistance, for a boy 
had been born who was in due time christened George, in honour of his then reigning majesty. 

To the best of my belief Georg Pontifex got the greater part of his nature from this obstinate old lady, his mother--a 
mother who though he loved no one else in the world except her husband (and him only after a fashion was most 
tenderly attached to the unexpected childof her old age; nevertheless she showed it little. 

The boy grew up into a sturdy bright-eyed little fellow, with plenty of intelligence, and perhaps a trifle too great 
readiness at booklearning. Being kindly treated at home, he was as fond of his father and mother as it was in his nature 
to be of anyone, but he was fond of no one else. He had a good health sense of meum, and a little of tuum as he could 
help. Brought up much in the open airin one of the best situated and healthiest pillages in England, his little limbs had 
fair play, and in those days children's brains were not overtasked as they now are; perhaps it was for this very reason 
that the boy showed an audity to learn. At seven or eight years old he could read, write and sum better than any other 
boy of hisage in the village. My father was not yet rector of Paleham and did not remember George Pontifex's 
childhood, but I have heard neighbours tell him that the boy was looked upon as unusually quick and forward. His father 
and mother were naturally proud of their offspring, and his mother was determined that he should one day 
become one of the kings and councillors of the earth. 

It is one thing however to resolve that one's son shall win some of lift's larger prizes, and another to square matters 
with fortune in this respect. George Pontifex might have been brought up as a carpenter and succeeded in no other way 
than as succeeding his father as one of the minor magnates of Paleham, and yet have been a more truly successfull man 
than he actually was--for I take it there is not much more splid success in this world than what fell to the lot of old Mr 
and Mrs Pontifex; it happened, however, that about the year 1780, when George was a boy of fifteen, a sister of Mrs 
Pontifex's, who had married a My Fairle came to pay a few days' visit at Paleham. Mr Fairlie was a publisher, chiefly 
of religious works, and had an establishment in Paternoster Row; he had risen in life, and his wife had risen with him. 
No very close relations had been maintained between the sisters for some years and I forget exactly how it came about 
that Mr and Mrs Fairlie were guests in the quiet but exceedingly comfortable house of their sister and brother-in-law; 
but for some reason or other the visit was paid and little George soon succeeded in making his way into his uncle and