You ask about my doctrine which led me to expect that trees would tend to have separate sexes. I am inclined to 
believe that no organic being exists which perpetually self-fertilises itself. This will appear very wild, but I can 
venture to say that if you were to read my observations on this subject you would agree it is not so wild as it will 
at first appear to you, from flowers said to be always fertilised in bud, etc. It is a long subject, which I have 
attended to for eighteen years. 

Now, it occurred to me that in a large tree with hermaphrodite flowers, we will say it would be ten to one that it 
would be fertilised by the pollen of its own flower, and a thousand or ten thousand to one that if crossed it
 would be crossed only with pollen from another flower of same tree, which would be opposed to my doctrine. 
 Therefore, on the great principle of "Nature not lying," I fully expected that trees would be apt to be dioecious 
 or monoecious -which, as pollen has to be carried from flower to flower every time, would favour a cross from 
 another individual of the same species-, and so it seems to be in Br itain and New Zealand. Nor can the fact be 
 explained by certain families having this structure and chancing to be trees, for the rule seems to hold both in 
 genera and families, as well as in species. I give you full permission to laugh your fill at this wild speculation; 
 and I do not pretend but what it may be chance which, in this case, has led me apparently right. But I repeat 
 that I feel sure that my doctrine has more probability than at first it appears to have. If you had not asked, I 
 should not have written at such length, though I cannot give any of my reasons. The Leguminosae are my 
 greatest opposers: yet if I were to trust to observations on insects made during many years, I should fully expect 
 crosses to take place in them; but I cannot find that our garden varieties ever cross each other. 
 
 I do NOT ask you to take any trouble about it, but if you should by chance come across any intelligent 
 nurseryman, I wish you would enquire whether they take any pains in raising the varieties of papilionaceous 
 plants apart to prevent crossing. -I have seen a statement of naturally formed crossed Phaseoli near N. York.- 
 The worst is that nurserymen are apt to attribute all varieties to crossing. Finally I incline to believe that every 
 living being requires an occasional cross with a distinct individual; and as trees from the mere multitude of 
 flowers offer an obstacle to this, I suspect this obstacle is counteracted by tendency to have sexes separated. But 
 I have forgotten to say that my maximum difficulty is trees having papilionaceous flowers: some of them, I 
 know, have their keel-petals expanded when ready for fertilisation; but Bentham does not believe that this is
  general: nevertheless, on principle of nature not lying, I suspect that this will turn out so, or that they are 
  eminently sought by bees dusted with pollen. Again I do NOT ask you to take trouble, but if strolling under your 
  Robinias when in full flower, just look at stamens and pistils whether protruded and whether bees visit them. I 
  must just mention a fact mentioned to me the other day by Sir W. Macarthur, a clever Australian gardener: viz., 
  how odd it was that his Erythrinas in N.S. Wales would not set a seed, without he imitated the movements of the 
  petals which bees cause. Well, as long as you live, you will never, after this fearfully long note, ask me why I 
  believe this or that. 
  
  LETTER 586. TO ASA GRAY. June 18th -1857-. It has been extremely kind of you telling me about the trees: 
  now with your facts, and those from Britain, N. Zealand, and Tasmania I shall have fair materials for judging. I 
  am writing this away from home, but I think your fraction of 95-132 is as large as in other cases, and is at least 
  a striking coincidence. I thank you much for your remarks about my crossing notions, to which, I may add, I 
  was led by exactly the same idea as yours, viz., that crossing must be one m eans of eliminating variation, and 
  then I wished to make out how far in animals and vegetables this was possible. Papilionaceous flowers are 
  almost dead floorers to me, and I cannot experimentise, as castration alone often produces sterility. I am 
  surprised at what you say about Compositae and Gramineae. From what I have seen of latter they seemed to me 
  -and I have watched wheat, owing to what L. de Longchamps has said on their fertilisation in bud- favourable 
  for crossing; and from Cassini's observations and Kolreuter's on the adhesive pollen, and C.C. Sprengel's, I had 
  concluded that the Compositae were eminently likely -I am aware of the pistil brushing out pollen- to be 
  crossed. -586-1. This is an instance of the curious ignorance of the essential principles of floral mechanism 
  which was to be found even among learned and accomplished botanists such as Gray, before the publication of 
  the "Fertilisation of Orchids." Even in 1863 we find Darwin explaining the meaning of dichogamy in a letter to 
  Gray.- If in some months' time you can find time to tell me whether you have made any observations on the early 
  fertilisation of plants in these two orders, I should be very glad to hear, as it would save me from great blunder. 
  In several published remarks on this subject in various genera it has seemed to me that the early fertilisation 
  has been inferred from the early shedding of the pollen, which I think is clearly a false inference. Another cause, 
  I should think, of the belief of fertilisation in the bud, is the not-rare, abnormal, early maturity of the pistil as 
  described by Gartner. I have hitherto failed in meeting with detailed accounts of regular and normal 
  impregnation in the bud. Podostemon and Subularia under water -and Leguminosae- seem and are strongest  