o overlook Before his visit was over My Fairlie proposed to the lad's father and mother that he should put him into his 
own business, at the same time promising that if the boy did well he should not want someone to bring him 
forward. Mrs Pontifex had her son's interest too much at heart to refuse such an offer, so the matter was soon arranged, 
and about a fortnight after the Fairlies had left, George was sent up by coach to London, where he was met by his uncle 
and aunt, with whom it was arranged that he should live. 

This was George's great start in life. He now wore more fashionable clothes than he had wet been accustomed to, and 
any little rusticity of gait or pronunciation which he had brought from Paleham, was so quickly and completely lost 
that it was ere long impossible to detect that he had not beer bom and bred among people of what is commonly called 
education. The boy paid great attention to his work, and more than justified the favourable opinion witch Mr Fairlie 
had forged concerning him. Sometimes Mr Fairlie would send him down to Paleham for a few days' holiday, and ere 
long his- 
parents perceived that he had acquired an air and manner of talking different from any that he had taken with non from 
Paleham. They were proud of jim, and soon fell into their proper places, resigning all appearance of a parental control, 
for which indeed there was no kind of necessity. In return George was always kindly to them, and to the end of his life 
retained a more affectionate feeling towards his father and mother than I imagine him ever to have felt again forman, 
woman, or child.

George's visits to Paleham were never long, for the distance from London was under fifty miles and there was a direct 
coach, so that the journey was easy; there was not time, therefore, for the novelty to wear of either on the part of 
the young man or of his parents. George liked the fresh country air and green fields after the darkness to which he had been 
so long accustomed in Paternoster Row which then, as now, was a narrow gloomy lane rather than a street. 
Independently of the pleasure of seeing the familiar faces of the farmers and villagers, he hiked also being seen and being 
congratulated on growing up such a fine-looking and fortunate young fellow, for he was not the youth to hide his light 
under a bushel. His uncle had had him taught Latin and Creek of an evening; He had taker kindly to these languages 
and had rapidly and easily mastered what many boys take years in aquiring. I suppose his knowledge 
gave him a self-confidence which made itself felt whether he intended it or not; at any rate he soon began to pose as a 
judge of literature, and from this to being a judge of art, architecture, music and everything else, the path was easy. 
Like his father, he knew the value of money, but he was at once more ostentatious and less liberal than his father while 
yet a boy he was a thorough little man of the world, and did well rather upon principles which he had tested by personal 
csomeone else's being put away into the churchyard; we passed, therefore, in a short time from extreme depression to a 
no less extreme exultation, a new heaven and a new earth had been revealed to us in our perception of the possibility of 
benefiting by the death of our friends, and I fear that for some time we took an interest in the health of everyone in the 
village whose position rendered a repetition of the dole in the last likely. 

Those were the days in which all great things seemed far off, and we were astonished to fired that Napoleon Buonaparte 
was an actually living person. We had thought such a great man could only have lived a very long time ago, and here 
he was after all almost as it were at our own door. This lent colour to the view that the Day of Judgement might indeed 
be nearer than we had thought, but nurse said that was all right nou, and she new. In these days the snow lay
longer and drifted deeper in the lanes than it does now, and the mill was sometimes brought in frozen in winter, and 
we were taken down into the back kitchen to see if I suppose there are rectories up and down the country now where 
the milk comes in frozen sometimes in winter, and the children go down to wonder at it, but I never see any frozen milk 
in London, so I suppose the winters are warmer than they used to be About one year after his wife's death Mr Pontifex 
also was gathered to his fathers. My father saw her the day before he died. The old man and a theory about sunsets, and