Mr Pontifex went on to the Great St Bernard and there he wrote some more verses, this time I am afraid in Latin. He 
also took good care to be properly impressed by the Hospice and its situation. The whole of this most extraordinary 
journey seemed like a dream, its conclusion especially, in gentlemanly society, with every comfort and accommodation 
amidst the rudest rocks and in the region of perpetual snow. The thought that was sleeping in a content and occupied 
the bed of no less a person that Napoleon, that I was in the highest inhabited spot in the old world and in a place 
celebrated in every part of it, kept me awake some time. As a contrast to this, I may quote here an extract from a letter 
written to me last year by his grandson Ernest, of whom the reader will hear more presently. The passage runs: I went 
up to the Great St Bemard ank saw the dogs," in due course Mr Pontifex found his way into Italy, where the pictures 
and other works of art--those, at least, which were fashionable at that time--threw him in to genteel paroxysms of 
admiraton. Of the Wffizi Gallery at Florence he untes: "I have spent three hours this morning in the gallery and I 
have made up my mind that if of all the treasures I have seen in Italy I were to choose one room it would be the Tribune 
of this gallery. It contains the Venus de Medici, the Explorator, the Pancratist, the Dancing Faun and a fine Apollo. 
These more than ou weigh the Laocoon and the Belvedere Apollo at Rome. It contains, besides, the St John of Raphael 
and many other chefs-d'oeuvre of the greatest masters in the world. " It is interesting to compare Mr Pontifex's 
effusions with the rhapsodies of critics in our own times. Not long ago a much esteemed writer informed the world that 
he felt "disposed to cry out with delight" before a figure by Michael Angelo. I wounder whether he would feel disposed to
cry out before a real Michael Angelo, if the critics had decided that it was not genuine, or before a reputed Michael 

Angelo which was really by someone else. But I suppose that a prig with more money than brains was much the same 
sixty or seventy years ago as He is now.look at Mendelsshon again about this same Tribune on which Mr Pontifex felt 
so safe in staking his reputation as a man of taste and culture. He feels no less safe and writes, "I then went to the 
Tribune. This room is so delightfully small you can traverse it in fifteen paces, yet it contains a world of art. I again 
sought out my favorite arm chair which stands under the statue of the 'Slave whetting his knife' (L'Arrotino), and 
taking possession of it I enjoyed myself for a couple of hours; for here at one glance I had the Madonna del Cardellino, 
Pope Julius II a female portrait by Raphael, and above it a lovely Holy Family by Perugino; and so close 
to me that I could have touched it with my hand the Venus de' Medici; beyond, that of Titian ... The space between is 
occupied by other pictures of Raphael's a portrait by Titian, a Domenichino, etc., etc., all these within the cumference 
of a small semi-circle no larger than one of your own rooms. This is a spot where a man feels his own insignificance and 
may well learn to be humble." The Tribune is a slippery place for people like Mendelssohn to study humility in. They 
generały take two steps away from it for one they take towards it. I wonder how many chalks Mendelssohn gave 
himself for having sat two hours on that chair. I wonder how often he looked at his watch to see if his two hours were 
up. I wonder how often he told himself that he was quite as big a gun, if the truth were known, as any of the more whose 
works he saw before him, how often he wondered whether any of the visitors were recognizng him and admiring him 
for sitting such a long time in the same chair, and how often he was vexed at seeing them pass him by and take no 
notice of him. But perhaps if the truth were known his two hours was not quite two hours Returning to Mr Pontifex, 
whether he liked what he believed to be the masterpieces of Greek and Italian art or no he brought back some 
copies by Italian artists, which I have ne doubt he satisfied himself would bear the strictest examination with the 
originals.
 
Two of these copies fell to Theobald's share on the division of his fatiher's furniture, and I have often seen them at 
Battershy on my visits to Theobald and his wife. The one was a Madonna by Sassoferrato with a blue food over her 
head which threw it half in to whadow. The other was a Magdalen by Carlo Doldi with a very fine head of hair and a 
marble vase in her hands. When I was a young man I used to think these pictures were beautiful, but with each 
successive visit to Batters by pot to dislike them more and more and to see "George Pontifex" written all over both of