curvature of the pedicel. I shall work away next summer when Drosera opens again, for I am much interested in 
subject. After the glandular hairs have curved, the oddest changes take place--viz., a segregation of the 
homogeneous pink fluid and necessary slow movements in the thicker matter. By Jove, I sometimes think 
Drosera is a disguised animal! You know that I always so like telling you what I do, that you must forgive me 
scribbling on my beloved Drosera. Farewell. I am so very glad that you are going to reform your ways; I am 
sure that you would have injured your health seriously. There is poor Dana has done actually nothing--cannot 
even write a letter--for a year, and it is hoped that in another YEAR he may quite recover. After this homily, 
good night, my dear friend. Good heavens, I ought not to s cold you, but thank you, for writing so long and 
interesting a letter. 

LETTER 598. TO E. CRESY. Down, December 12th -1860?-. After writing out the greater part of my paper on 
Drosera, I thought of so many points to try, and I wished to r e-test the basis of one large set of experiments, 
namely, to feel still more sure than I am, that a drop of plain water never produces any effect, that I have 
resolved to publish nothing this year. For I found in the record of my daily experiments one suspicious case. I 
must wait till next summer. It will be difficult to try any solid substances containing nitrogen, such as ivory; for 
two quite distinct causes excite the movement, namely, mechanical irritation and presence of nitrogen. When a 
solid substance is placed on leaf it becomes clasped, but is released sooner than when a nitrogenous solid is 
clasped; yet it is difficult -except with raw meat and flies- to be sure of the result, owing to differences in vigour 
of different plants. The last experiments which I tried before my plants became too languid are very curious, 
and were tried by putting microscopical atoms on the gland itself of single hairs; and it is perfectly evident that 
an atom of human hair, 1-76000 of a grain -as ascertained by weighing a length of hair- in weight, causes 
conspicuous movement. I do not believe -for atoms of cotton thread acted- it is the chemical nature; and some 
reasons make me doubt whether it is actual weight; it is not the shadow; and I am at present, after many 
experiments, confounded to know what the cause is. That these atoms did really act and alter the state of the 
contents of all the cells in the glandular hair, which moved, was perfectly clear. But I hope next summer to make 
out a good deal more... 

LETTER 599. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, May 14th -1861-. I have been putting off writing from day to day, as I 
did not wish to trouble you, till my wish for a little news will not let me rest... I have no news to tell you, for I 
have had no interesting letters for some time, and have not seen a soul. I have been going through the "Cottage 
Gardener" of last year, on account chiefly of Beaton's articles -599-1. Beaton was a regular contributor to the 
"Cottage Gardener," and wrote various articles on cross breeding, etc., in 1861. One of these was in reply to a 
letter published in the "Cottage Gardener," May 14th, 1861, page 112, in which Darwin asked for information 
as to the Compositae and the hollyhock being crossed by insect visitors. In the number for June 8th, 1861, page 
211, Darwin wrote on the variability of the central flower of the carrot and the peloria of the central flower in 
Pelargonium. An extract from a letter by Darwin on Leschenaultia, "Cottage Gardener," May 28th, 1861, page 
151, is given in Letter 590, note.-; he strikes me as a clever but d--d cock-sure man -as Lord Melbourne said-, 
and I have some doubts whether to be much trusted. I suspect he has never recorded his experiment at the time 
with care. He has made me indignant by the way he speaks of Gartner, evidently knowing nothing of his work. I 
mean to try and pump him in the "Cottage Gardener," and shall perhaps defend Gartner. He alludes to me 
occasionally, and I cannot tell with what spirit. He speaks of "this Mr. Darwin" in one place as if I were a very 
noxious animal. Let me have a line about poor Henslow pretty soon. -599-2. In a letter of May 18th, 1861, 
Darwin wrote again:--- By the way, thanks about Beaton. I have now read more of his writings, and one answer 
to me in "Cottage Gardener." I can plainly s ee that he is not to be trusted. He does not well know his own 
subject of crossing. 

LETTER 600. TO J.D. HOOKER. -600-1. Part of this letter has been published in "Life and Letters," III., page 
265.- 2, Hesketh Crescent, Torquay -1861-. ...The beauty of the adaptation of parts seems to me unparalleled. I 
should think or guess -that- waxy pollen was most differentiated. In Cypripedium, which seems least modified, 
and a much exterminated group, the grains are single. In all others, as far as I have seen, they are in packets of 
four; and these packets cohere into many wedge-formed masses in Orchis, into eight, four, and finally two. It 
seems curious that a flower should exist which could, at most, fertilise only two other flowers, seeing how 
abundant pollen generally is; this fact I look at as explaining the perfection of the contrivance by which the 
pollen, so important from its fewness, is carried from flower to flower. By the way, Cephalanthera has single 
pollen-grains, but this seems to be a case of degradation, for the rostellum is utterly aborted. Oddly, the 
columns of pollen are here kept in place by very ear ly penetration of pollen-tubes into the edge of the stigma; 
nevertheless, it receives more pollen by insect agency. Epithecia -Dichaea- has done m e one good little turn. I