education of some generations is necessary for the die enjoyment of great wealth. Adversity, if a man is set down to it 
by degrees, is more supportable with equanimity by most people than any great prosperity arrived at in a single
lifetime.

Nevertheless a certain kind of good fortune generally attends self-made men to the last is their children of the first, 
or first and second generation who are in greater danger for the race can no more repeat its most successful 
perfomances suddenly and without its ebbings and flowings of success than the individual can do so and the more 
brilliant the success in any one generation, the greater as a general rule the subsequent exhaustion until time has 
been allowed for recovery. Hence it oftens hap pens that the grandson of a successful man will be more successful than 
the sort the spirit that actuated the grandfather having lain follow in the son and being refreshed by repose so as to be 
ready for fresh exertion in the grands on. A very successful man moreover, at something of the hybrid in him, he is a 
new animal, arising from the coming together of many unfamiliar elements and it is well known that the reproduction 
of abnormal growths, whether animal or vegetable, is irregular and not to be depended upon, even when they are not 
absolutely sterile. And certainly Mr Pontifex's success was exceedingly rapid. Only a few years after re had become a 
partner his uncle and aunt both died within a few months of one another. It was then found that they had made him 
their heir. He was thus not only sole partner in the business but found himself with a fortune of some 30,000 pounds 
into the bargain, and this was a large sun in those days. Money came pouring in upon him, and the faster it came the 
fonder he became of it, though, as he frequently said, he valued it not for its own sake, but only as a means of providing 
for his dear children. 

Yet when a man is very fond of his money it is not easy for him at all times to be very fond of his children also. The two 
are like God and Mammon. Lord Macaulay has e passage in which he contrasts the pleasures which a man may derive 
from books with the inconveniences to which he may be put by his acquaintances. "Plato,' he says, "is never sullen. 
Cervantes is never petulant. Demosthenes never comes unseasonably. Dante never stays too long. Na difference of 
political opinion can alienate Cicero. No heresy can excite the horror of Bossuet." I dare say I might differ from 
Lord Macaulay in my estimate of some of the writers he has named but there can be no disputing his main proposition, 
namely, that we need have no more trouble from any of them than we have a mind to, whereas our friends are not 
always so easily disposed of. George Pontifex felt this as regards his children and his money. His money was never 
naughty; his money never made noise or litter, and did not spill things on the tablecloth at meal times or leave the 
door open when it went out. His dividends did not quarrel among themselves, or was he under any uneasiness lest his 
mortgages should become extravagant on reaching manhood and run him up debts which sooner or later he should 
have to pay. There were tendencies in John which made him very uneasy, and Theobald, his second son, was idle and 
at times far from truthful. His children might, perhaps, have answered, had they known what was in their father's mind, 
that he did not knock his more about as he not frequently knocked his children. He meter dealt hastily or pettishly 
with his money, and that was perhaps why he and it got on so well together. 

It must be remembered that at the beginning of the nineteenth century the relations between parents and children 
were still far from satisfactory. The violent type of father, as described by Fielding, Richardson, Smollett and Sheridan, is 
now hardly more likely to find a place in literature than the original advertisement of Messrs. Fairlie & Pontifex's 
"Pious County Parishioner, but the type was much too persistent not to have been drawn from nature 
closely. The parents in Miss Austen's novels are less like savage wild beasts than those of her predecessors, but she 
evidently looks upon them with suspicion, and an uneasy feeling that le pere de famille est capable de tout makes itself 
sufficiently apparent throughout the greater part of her writings. In the Elizabethan time the relations between parents 
and children seem on the whole to have been more kindly. The fathers and the sons are for the most part friends in 
Shakespeare, nor does the evil appear to have reached its full abomination till a long course of Puritanism had 
familiarised men's minds with Jewish ideals as those which we should endeavour to reproduce in our everyday life. 
What precedents did not Abraham, Jephthah and Jonadab the son of Rechab offer? How easy was it to quote and 
follow them in an age when few reasonable men or women doubted that every syllable of the Old Testament was taken 
down verbatim from the mouth of God. Moreover Puritanism restricted natural pleasures; it substituted the Jeremiad 
for the Paean, and it forgot that the poor abuses of all times wart countenance. 

Mr Pontifex may have been a little stemer with his children than some of his neighbours, but not much. He thrashed his 
boys two or three times a week and some weeks good deal oftener but in those days farthers were always trashing 
their boys. It is easy to have juster views when everyone else has them, but fortunately or unfortunately results have