nothing whatever to do with the moral guilt or blamelessness of him who brings them about, they depend solely upon 
the thing done, whatever it may happen to be. The moral guilt or blamelessness in like manner has nothing to do with 
the result; it turns upon the question whether a sufficient number of reasonable people placed as the actor was placed 
would have done as the actor has done. At that time it was universally admitted that to spare the rod was to spoil the 
child, and St Paul had placed disobedience to parents in very ugly company. If his children did anything which Mr 
Pontifex disliked they were clearly disobedient to their father. In this case there was obviously only one course for 
a sensible man to take. It consisted in checking the first signs of self-will while his children were too young to offer 
serious resistance. If their wills were "well broker" in childhood, to use an expression then much in vogue, they would 
acquire habits of obedience which they would not venture to breakthrough till they were over twenty one year old. 
Then they might please themselves, he should know how to protect himself; til then he and his money were more at 
their mercy than he liked. How little do we know our thoughts--our reflex actions indeed, yes; but our reflex 
reflections! Man, forsooth, prides himself on his consciousness! We boast that we differ from the winds and waves and 
falling stones and plants, which grow they know of why, and from the wandering creatures which go up and down 
after their prey, as we are pleased to see without the help of reason. We know so well what we are doing ourselves and 
why we do it, do we not? I fancy that there is some truth in the view which is being put forward nowadays, 
that it is our less conscious thoughts and our less conscious actions which manly mould our lives and the lives of those 
who spring from us. _ _ Mr Pontifex was not the man to trouble himself much about his motives. People were not so 
introspective then as we are now; they lived more according to a rule of thumb. Dr Arnold had not yet sown 
that crop of earnest thinkers which we are now harvesting, and men did not see why they showld not have their own 
way if no evil consequences to themselves seemed likely to follow upon their doing so. Then as now, however, they 
sometimes let themselves in for more evil consequences than they had bargained for. Like other rich men at the 
beginning of this century he ate and drank a good deal more than was enough to keep him in health. Even his excellent 
constitution was not proof against a prolonged course of overfeeding and what we should now consider overdrinking. 
His liver would not unfrequently get out of order and he would come down to breakfast looking yellow about the eyes. 
Then the young people knew that they had better look out. It is not as a general rule the eating of soul grapes that 
causes the children's teeth to be set on edge. Well-to-do parents seldom eat many sour grapes; the danger to the 
children lies in the parents eating too many sweet ones. 

I grant that at first sight it seems very unjust, that the parents should have the fun and the children be punished for it, 
but young people should remember that for man years they were part and parcel of their parents and therefore had a 
good deal of the fun in the person of their parents. If they love forgotten the fun now, that is no more than people do 
who have a headache after having been tipsy overnigh. The man with a headache does not pretend to be a different 
person from the man who got drunk, and claim that it is his self of the preceding night and not his self of this morning 
who should be punished: no more should offspring complain of the headache which it has earned when in the person of 
its parents, for the continuation of identity, though not so immediately apparent, is just as real in one case as in the 
other. What is really hard is when the parents have the fun after the children have been born, and the children are 
punished for this. On these, his black days, he would take very gloony views of things and say to himself that in spite of 
all his goodness to them his children did not love him. But who can love any man whose liver is out of order? How 
base, he would exclaim to himself, was such ingratitude! How especially hard upon himself, who had been such a 
model on, and always honored and obeyed his parents through they had not spent one hundredth part of the money 
upon him which he had lavished upon is own children. "It is always the same story," he would say to himself, "the 
more young people have the more they work, and the less thanks one gets; I have made a great mistake; I have been far
too lenient with my children; ever mind, I have done my duty by them, and more; if they fail in their to me it is a
matter between God and then that any rate, am guiltless. Why, I might have married again and become the father of a 
second and perhaps more affectionate family, etc., etc." He pitied himself for the expensive education which he was 
giving his children he did not see that the education cost the children far more than it cost him, inasmuch as is cost 
them the power of earning their living easily rater than helped them towards it, and ensured their being at the 
mercy of their father for years after they had come to an age when they should be independent. A public school
education cuts off a boy's retreat; he can no longer become a labourer or a mechanic, and these are the only people 
whose tenure of independence is not precarious--with the exception of course of those who are born inherits of