irresistible charm in trying to make out homologies. -602-1. In 1880 he wrote to Mr. Bentham: "It was very kind 
of you to write to me about the Orchideae, for it has pleased me to an extreme degree that I could have been of 
the least us e to you about the nature of the parts."-- "Life and Letters," III., page 264.- You know the 
membranous cup or clinandrum, in many orchids, behind the stigma and rostellum: it is formed of a membrane 
which unites the filament of the normal dorsal anther with the edges of the pistil. The clinandrum is largely 
developed in Malaxis, and is of considerable importance in retaining the pollinia, which as soon as the flower 
opens are quite loose. The appearance and similarity of the tissues, etc., at once gives suspicion that the lateral 
membranes of the clinandrum are the two other and rudimentary anthers, which in Orchis and Cephalanthera, 
etc., exist as mere papillae, her e developed and utilised. Now for my question. Exactly in the middle of the 
filament of the normal anther, and exactly in the middle of the lateral membrane of the clinandrum, and running 
up to the same height, are quite similar bundles of spiral vessels; ending upwards almost suddenly. Now is not 
this structure a good argument that I interpret the homologies of the s ides of clinandrum rightly? -602-2. 
Though Robert Brown made use of the spiral vessels of or chids, yet according to Eichler, "Bluthendiagramme," 
1875, Volume I., page 184, Darwin was the first to make substantial additions to the conclusions deducible from 
the course of the vessels in relation to the problem of the morphology of these plants. Eichler gives Darwin's 
diagram side by side with that of Van Tieghem without attempting to decide between the differences in detail by 
which they are characterised.- I find that the great Bauer does not draw very correctly! -602-3. F. Bauer, whom 
Pritzel calls "der grosste Pflanzenmaler." The reference is to his "Illustrations of Orchidaceous Plants, with 
Notes and Prefatory Remarks by John Lindley," London, 1830-38, Folio. See "Fertilisation of Orchids," Edition 
II., page 82.- And, good Heavens, what a jumble he makes on functions. 

LETTER 603. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, October 22nd. -1861-. Acropera is a beast,--stigma does not open, 
everything seems contrived that it shall NOT be anyhow fertilised. There is something very odd about it, which 
could only be made out by incessant watching on several individual plants. I never saw the very curious flower 
of Canna; I should say the pollen was deposited where it is to prevent inevitable self-fertilisation. You have no 
time to try the smallest experiment, else it would be worth while to put pollen on some stigmas -supposing that it 
does not seed freely with you-. Anyhow, insects would probably carry pollen from flower to flower, for Kurr 
states the tube formed by pistil, stamen and "nectarblatt" secretes -I presume internally- much nectar. Thanks 
for sending me the curious flower. Now I want much some wisdom; though I must write at considerable length, 
your answer may be very brief. -FIGURE 8.--FLORAL DIAGRAM OF AN ORCHID. The "missing bundle" 
could not be found in some species.- In R. Brown's admirable paper in the "Linnean Transacts." -603-4. Volume 
XVI., page 685.- he suggests -and Lindley cautiously agrees- that the flower of orchids consists of five whorls, 
the inner whorl of the two whorls of anthers being all rudimentary, and when the labellum presents ridges, two 
or three of the anthers of both whorls -are- combined with it. In the ovarium there ar e six bundles of vessels: R. 
Brown judged by transverse sections. It occurred to me, after what you said, to trace the vessels longitudinally, 
and I have succeeded well. Look at my diagram -Figure 8- -which please return, for I am transported with 
admiration at it-, which shows the vessels which I have traced, one bundle to each of fifteen theoretical organs, 
and no more. You will see the result is nothing new, but it seems to confirm strongly R. Brown, for I have 
succeeded -perhaps he did, but he does not say so- in tracing the vessels belonging to each organ in front of 
each other to the same bundle in the ovarium: thus the vessels going to the lower sepal, to the side of the 
labellum, and to one stigma -when there are two- all distinctly branch from one ovarian bundle. So in other 
cases, but I have not completely traced -only seen- that going to the rostellum. But here comes my only point of 
novelty: in all or chids as yet looked at -even one with so simple a labellum as Gymnadenia and Malaxis- the 
vessels on the two sides of the labellum are derived from the bundle which goes to the lower sepal, as in the 
diagram. This leads me to conclude that the labellum is always a compound organ. Now I want to know whether 
it is conceivable that the vessels coming from one main bundle should penetrate an organ -the labellum- which 
receives its vessels from another main bundle? Does it not imply that all that part of the labellum which is 
supplied by vessels coming from a lateral bundle must be part of a primordially distinct organ, however closely 
the two may have become united? It is curious in Gymnadenia to trace the middle anterior bundle in the 
ovarium: when it comes to the orifice of the nectary it turns and runs right down it, then comes up the opposite 
side and runs to the apex of the labellum, whence each side of the nectar y is supplied by vessels from the 
bundles, coming from the lower sepals. Hence even the thin nectary is essentially, I infer, tripartite; hence its 
tendency to bifurcation at its top. This view of the labellum always consisting of three organs -I believe four 
when thick, as in Mormodes, at base- seems to me to explain its great size and tripartite form, compared with 
the other petals. Certainly, if I may trust the vessels, the simple labellum of Gymnadenia consists of three 
organs soldered together. Forgive me for writing at such length; a very brief answer will suffice. I am