and as you may think prematurely, direct your attention to it, before I have seen the final result of m y own 
experiment, that you might have the longer time for reconsidering the structure of this genus for another edition 
of your interesting book, if indeed it be not already called for. I am furthermore induced to communicate the 
results of my yet imperfect experiments in the belief that the actuating principle of your late work is the 
elicitation of truth, and that you will gladly avail yourself of this even at the sacrifice of much ingenious 
theoretical argumentation. Since I have had an opportunity of perusing your work on orchid fertilisation, my 
attention has been particularly directed to the curiously constructed floral organs of Acropera. I unfortunately 
have as yet had only a few flowers for experimental enquiry, otherwise my remarks might have been clearer and 
more satisfactory. Such as they are, however, I respectfully lay -them- before you, with a full assurance of their 
veracity, and I sincerely trust that as such you will receive them. Your observations seem to have been chiefly 
directed to the A. luteola, mine to the A. Loddigesii, which, however, as you remark, is in a very similar 
constructural condition with the former; having the same narrow stigmatic chamber, abnormally developed 
placenta, etc. In regard to the former point--contraction of stigmatic chamber--I may remark that it does not 
appear to be absolutely necessary that the pollen-masses penetrate this chamber for effecting fecundation. Thus 
a raceme was produced upon a plant of A. Loddigesii in the Botanic Gardens here lately; upon this I left only 
six flowers. These I attempted to fertilise, but with two only of the six have I been successful: I succeeded in 
forcing a single pollen-mass into the stigmatic chamber of one of the latter, but I failed to do this on the other; 
however, by inserting a portion of a pedicel with a pollinium attached, I caused the latter to adhere, with a 
gentle press, to the mouth of the stigmatic chamber. Both of these, as I have already remarked, are nevertheless 
fertilised; one of them I have cut off for examination, and its condition I will presently describe; the other is still 
upon the plant, and promises fair to attain maturity. 

In regard to the other four flowers, I may remark that though similarly fertilised--part having pollinia inserted, 
others merely attached--they all wither ed and dropped off without the least swelling of the ovary. Can it be, 
then, that this is really an -andro-monoecious- species?--part of the flowers male, others truly hermaphrodite. 
In making longitudinal sections of the fertilised ovary before mentioned, I found the basal portion entirely 
destitute of ovules, their place being substituted by transparent cellular ramification of the placentae. As I 
traced the placentae upwards, the ovules appeared, becoming gradually more abundant towards its apex. A 
transverse section near the apex of the ovary, however, still exhibited a more than ordinary placental 
development--i.e. -congenitally?- considered--each end giving off two branches, which meet each other in the 
centre of the ovary, the ovules being irregularly and sparingly disposed upon their surfaces. In regard to the 
mere question of fertilisation, then, I am perfectly satisfied, but there are other points which require further 
elucidation. Among these I may particularly refer to the contracted stigmatic chamber, and the slight viscidity 
of its disk. The latter, however, may be a consequence of uncongenial conditions--as you do not mention 
particularly its examination by any author in its natural habitat. If such be the case, the contracted stigmatic 
chamber will offer no real difficulty, should the viscous exudations be only sufficient to render the mouth 
adhesive. 

For, as I have already shown, the pollen-tubes may be emitted in this condition, and effect fecundation without 
being in actual contact with the stigmatic surface, as occurs pretty regularly in the fertilisation of the Stapelias, 
for example. But, indeed, your own discovery of the independent germinative capabilities of the pollen-grains of 
certain Orchidaceae is sufficiently illustrative of this. I may also refer to the peculiar abnormal condition that 
many at least of the ovaries present in a comparative examination of the placentae, and of which I beg to 
suggest the following explanation, though it is as yet founded on limited observations. In examining certain 
young ovaries of A. Loddiges ii, I found some of them filled with the transparent membranous fringes of more or 
less distinctly cellular matter, which, from your description of the ovaries of luteola, appears to differ simply in 
the greater development in the former species. Again, in others I found small mammillary bodies, which 
appeared to be true ovules, though I could not perfectly satisfy myself as to the existence of the micropyle or 
nucleus. I unfortunately neglected to apply any chemical test. The fact, however, that in certain of the examined 
ovaries few or none of the latter bodies occurred--the placenta alone being developed in an irregular 
membranous form, taken in conjunction with the results of my experiments--before alluded to--on their 
fertilisation, leads me to infer that two sexual conditions are presented by the flowers of this plant. In short, 
that many of the ovaries are now normally abortive, though Nature occasionally makes futile efforts for their perfect 
development, in the production of ovuloid bodies; these then I regard as the male flowers. The others that are 
still capable of fertilisation, and likewise possessing male organs, are hermaphrodite, and must, I think, from 
the results of your comparative examinations, present a somewhat different condition; as it can scarcely be