discussion, but just some time to say whether my notions are rubbish, and then burn the diagrams. It seems to 
me that all parts alternate beautifully by fours, on the hypothesis that two short stamens of outer whorl are 
aborted -615-1. The view given by Darwin is -according to Eichler- that previously held by Knuth, Wydler, 
Chatin, and others. Eichler himself believes that the flower is dimerous, the four longer stamens being produced 
by the doubling or splitting of the upper -i.e. antero-posterior- pair of stamens. If this view is correct, and there 
are good reasons for it, it throws much suspicion on the evidence afforded by the course of vessels, for there is 
no trace of the common origin of the longer stamens in the diagram -Figure 11-. Again, if Eichler is right, the 
four vessels shown in the section of the ovary are misleading. Darwin afterwards gave a doubtful explanation of 
this, and concluded that the ovary is dimerous. See Letter 616.-; and this view is perhaps supported by their 
being so few, only two sub-bundles in the two lateral main bundles, where I imagine two short stamens have 
aborted, but I suppose there is some valid objection against this notion. The course of the side vessels in the 
sepals is curious, jus t like my difficulty in Habenaria. -615-2. See Letter 605.- I am surprised at the four vessels 
in the ovarium. Can this indicate four confluent pistils? anyhow, they are in the right alternating position. The 
nectary within the base of the shorter stamens seems to cause the end sepals apparently, but not really, to arise 
beneath the lateral sepals. I think you will understand my diagrams in five minutes, so forgive me for bothering 
you. My writing this to you reminds me of a letter which I received yesterday from Claparede, who helped the 
French translatress of the "Origin" -615-3. The late Mlle. Royer.-, and he tells me he had difficulty in 
preventing her -who never looked at a bee's cell- from altering my whole description, because she affirmed that 
an hexagonal prism must have an hexagonal base! Almost everywhere in the "Origin," when I express great 
doubt, she appends a note explaining the difficulty, or saying that there is none whatever!! -615-4. See "Life and 
Letters," II., page 387.- It is really curious to know what conceited people there are in the world -people, for 
instance, after looking at one Cruciferous flower, explain their homologies-. This is a nice, but most barren 
country, and I can find nothing to look at. Even the brooks and ponds produce nothing. The country is like 
Patagonia. my wife is almost well, thank God, and Leonard is wonderfully improved ...Good God, what an 
illness scarlet fever is! The doctor feared rheumatic fever for my wife, but she does not know her risk. It is now 
all over. 

LETTER 616. TO J.D. HOOKER. Cliff Cottage, Bournemouth, Thursday Evening -September 18th, 1862-. 
Thanks for your pleasant note, which told me much news, and upon the whole good, of yourselves. You will 
be awfully bus y for a time, but I write now to say that if you think it really worth while to send me a few Dielytra, 
or other Fumariaceous plant -which I have already tried in vain to find here- in a little tin box, I will try 
and trace the vessels; but pleas e observe, I do not know that I shall have time, for I have just become wonderfully 
interested in experimenting on Drosera with poisons, etc. If you send any Fumariaceous plant, send if you can, 
also two or three single balsams. After writing to you, I looked at vessels of ovary of a sweet-pea, and from this 
and other cases I believe that in the ovary the midrib vessel alone gives homologies, and that the vessels on the 
edge of the carpel leaf often run into the wrong bundle, just like those on the sides of the sepals. Hence I - 
suppose- in Crucifers that the ovarium consists of two pistils; AA -Figure 12- being the midrib vessels, and BB 
being those formed of the vessels on edges of the two carpels, run together, and going to wrong bundles . I came 
to this conclusion before receiving your letter. I wonder why Asa Gray will not believe in the quaternary 
arrangement; I had fancied that you saw some great difficulty in the case, and that made me think that my 
notion must be wrong. 

LETTER 617. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, September 27th -1862-. Masdevallia turns out nothing wonderful -617- 
1. This may refer to the homologies of the parts. He was unable to understand the mechanism of the flower.-- 
"Fertilisation of Orchids," Edition II., page 136.-; I was merely stupid about it; I am not the less obliged for its 
loan, for if I had lived till 100 years old I should have been uneasy about it. It shall be returned the first day I 
send to Bromley. I have steamed the other plants, and made the sensitive plant very sensitive, and shall soon try 
some experiments on it. But after all it will only be amusement. Nevertheless, if not causing too much trouble, I 
should be very glad of a few young plants of this and Hedysarum in summer -617-2. Hedysarum or Des modium 
gyrans, the telegraph-plant.-, for this kind of work takes no time and amuses me much. Have you seeds of Oxalis 
sensitiva, which I see mentioned in books? By the way, what a fault it is in Henslow's "Botany" that he gives 
hardly any references; he alludes to great series of experiments on absorption of poison by roots, but where to 
find them I cannot guess. Possibly the all-knowing Oliver may know. I can plainly see that the glands of 
Drosera, from rapid power -almost instantaneous- of absorption and power of movement, give enormous 
advantage for such experiments. And some day I will enjoy myself with a good set to work; but it will be a great 
advantage if I can get some preliminary notion on other sensitive plants and on roots. Oliver said he would