neglected by bees and lepidoptera in Amazonia. Now the curious projections or horns to the stamens of 
Monochaetum are full of fluid, and the suspicion occurs to me that diptera or small hymenoptera may puncture 
these horns like they puncture -proved since my orchid book was published- the dry nectaries of true Orchis. I 
forget whether Rhexia is common; but I very much wish you would next summer watch on a warm day a group 
of flowers, and see whether they are visited by small insects, and what they do. 

LETTER 625. TO I.A. HENRY. Down, January 20th -1863-. ...You must kindly permit me to mention any point 
on which I want information. If you are so inclined, I am curious to know from systematic experiments whether
Mr. D. Beaton's statement that the pollen of two shortest anthers of scarlet Pelargonium produce dwarf plants -
625-1. See "Animals and Plants," Edition II., Volume II., page 150, for a brief account of Darwin's experiments 
on this genus. Also loc. cit., page 338 -note-, for a suggested experiment.-, in comparison with plants produced 
from the same mother-plant by the pollen of longer stamens from the same flower. It would aid me much in 
some laborious experiments on Melastomads. I confess I feel a little doubtful; at least, I feel pretty nearly 
sure that I know the meaning of short stamens in most plants. This summer -for another object- I crossed Queen of 
Scarlet Pelargonium with pollen of long and short stamens of multiflora alba, and it so turns out that plants 
from short stamens are the tallest; but I believe this to have been mere chance. My few crosses in Pelargonium 
were made to get seed from the central peloric or regular flower -I have got one from peloric flower by pollen 
of peloric-, and this leads me to suggest that it would be very interesting to test fertility of peloric flowers in 
three ways,--own peloric pollen on peloric stigma, common pollen on peloric stigma, peloric pollen on common 
stigma of same species. My object is to discover whether with change of structure of flower there is any change 
in fertility of pollen or of female organs. This might also be tested by trying peloric and common pollen on 
stigma of a distinct species, and conversely. I believe there is a peloric and common variety of Tropaeolum, and 
a peloric or upright and common variation of some species of Gloxinia, and the medial peloric flowers of 
Pelargonium, and probably others unknown to me. 

LETTER 626. TO I.A. HENRY. Hartfield, May 2nd -1863-. In scarlet dwarf Pelargonium, you will find 
occasionally an additional and abnormal stamen on opposite and lower side of flower. Now the pollen of this 
one occasional short stamen, I think, very likely would produce dwarf plants. If you experiment on Pelargonium 
I would suggest your looking out for this single stamen. I observed fluctuations in length of pistil in Phloxes, but 
thought it was mere variability. If you could raise a bed of seedling Phloxes of any species except P. 
Drummondii, it would be highly desirable to see if two forms are presented, and I should be very grateful for 
information and flowers for inspection. I cannot remember, but I know that I had some reason to look after 
Phloxes. -626-1. See "Forms of Flowers," Edition II., page 119, where the conjecture is hazarded that Phlox 
subulata shows traces of a former heterostyled condition.- I do not know whether you have used microscopes 
much yet. It adds immensely to interest of all such work as ours, and is indeed indispensable for much work. 
Experience, however, has fully convinced m e that the use of the compound without the simple microscope is 
absolutely injurious to progress of N-atural- History -excepting, of course, with Infusoria-. I have, as yet, found 
no exception to the rule, that when a man has told m e he works with the compound alone his work is valueless. 

LETTER 627. TO ASA GRAY. March 20th -1863-. I wrote to him -Dr. H. Cruger, of Trinidad- to ask him to 
observe what the insects did in the flowers of Melastomaceae: he says not proper season yet, but that on one 
species a small bee seemed busy about the horn-like appendages to the anthers. It will be too good luck if my 
study of the flowers in the greenhouse has led me to right interpretation of these appendages. 

LETTER 628. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, November 28th -1871-. If you had come here on Sunday I should have 
asked you whether you could give me seed or seedlings of any Melastomad which would flower soon to 
experiment on! I wrote also to J. Scott to ask if he could give me seed. Several years ago I raised a lot of 
seedlings of a Melastomad greenhouse bush -Monochaetus or some such name- -628-1. Monochaetum.- from 
stigmas fertilised separately by the two kinds of pollen, and the seedlings differed remarkably in size, and whilst 
young, in appearance; and I never knew what to think of the case -so you must not use it-, and have always 
wished to try again, but they are troublesome beasts to fertilise. On the other hand I could detect no difference 
in the product from the two coloured anthers of Clarkia. -628-2. Clarkia has eight stamens divided into two 
groups which differ in the colour of the anthers.- If you want to know further particulars of my experiments on 
Monochaetum -?- and Clarkia, I will hunt for my notes. You ask about difference in pollen in the same species. 
All dimorphic and trimorphic plants present such difference in function and in size. Lythrum and the trimorphic 
Oxalis are the most wonder ful cases. The pollen of the closed imperfect cleistogamic flowers differ in the 
transparency of the integument, and I think in size. The latter point I could ascertain from my notes. The pollen 
or female organs must differ in almost every individual in some manner; otherwise the pollen of varieties and