so in the "Origin." -639-2. See "Origin of Species," Edition I., page 251, for H erbert's observations on self- 
impotence in Hippeastrum. In spite of the uniformness of the results obtained in many successive years, Darwin 
inferred that the plants must have been in an "unnatural state."- I am not sure that I understand your result, - 
nor- whether it means what I have above obscurely expressed. 

If you can prove the above, do publish; but if you will not publish I earnestly beg you to let me have the facts in 
detail; but you ought to publish, for I may not use the facts for years. I have been much interested by what you 
say on the rostellum exciting pollen to protrude tubes; but are you sure that the rostellum does excite them? 
Would not tubes protrude if placed on parts of column or base of petals, etc., near to the stigma? Please look at 
the "Cottage Gardener" -or "Journal of Horticulture"- -639-3. "Journal of Horticulture" and "Cottage 
Gardener," March 31st, 1863. A short note describing Cruger's discovery of self-fertilisation in Cattleya, 
Epidendrum, etc., and referring to the work of "an excellent observer, Mr. J. Scott." Darwin adds that he is 
convinced that he has underrated the power of tropical orchids occasionally to produce seeds without the aid of 
insects.- to be published to-morrow week for letter of m ine, in which I venture to quote you, and in which you
will see a curious fact about unopened or chid flowers setting seed in West Indies. Dr. Cruger attributes 
protrusion of tubes to ants carrying stigmatic secretion to pollen -639-4. In Cruger's paper -"Linn. Soc. Journ." 
VIII., 1865; read March 3rd 1864- he speaks of the pollen-masses in s itu being acted on by the stigmatic 
secretion, but no mention is made of the agency of ants. He describes the pollen-tubes descending "from the - 
pollen- masses still in situ down into the ovarian canal."-; but this is mere hypothesis. Remember, pollen-tubes 
protrude within anther in Neottia nidus-avis. I did think it possible or probable that perfect fertilisation might 
have been effected through rostellum. What a curious case your Gongora must be: could you spare me one of 
the largest capsules? I want to estimate the number of seed, and try my hand if I can make them grow. This, 
however, is a foolish attempt, for Dr. Hooker, who was her e a day or two ago, says they cannot at Calcutta, and 
yet imported species have seeded and have naturally spread on to the adjoining trees! Dr. Cruger thinks I am 
wrong about Catasetum: but I cannot understand his letter. He admits there are three forms in two species; and 
he speaks as if the sexes were separate in some and that others were hermaphrodites -639-5. Cruger -"Linn. 
Soc. Journal," VIII., page 127- says that the apparently hermaphrodite form is always sterile in Trinidad. 
Darwin modified his account in the second edition of the orchid book.-; but I cannot understand what he means. 
He has seen lots of great humble-bees buzzing about the flowers with the pollinia sticking to their backs! Happy 
man!! I have the promise, but not yet surety, of some curious results with my homomorphic seedling cowslips: 
these have not followed the rule of Chinese Primula; homomorphic seedlings from short-styled parent have 
presented both forms, which disgusts me. You will see that I am better; but still I greatly fear that I must have a 
compulsory holiday. With sincere thanks and hearty admiration at your powers of observation... My poor P. 
scotica looks very sick which you so kindly sent me. -639-6. Sent by Scott, Januar y 6th, 1863.- 

LETTER 640. TO J. SCOTT. April 12th -1863-. I really hardly know how to thank you enough 
for your very interesting letter. I shall certainly use all the facts which you have given me -in a condensed form- on 
the sterility of or chids in the work which I am now slowly preparing for publication. But why do you not publish 
these facts in a separate little paper? -640-1. See Letter 642, note, for reference to Scott's paper.- They seem to 
me well worth it, and you really ought to get your name known. I could equally well use them in my book. I 
earnestly hope that you will experiment on Passiflora, and let me give your results. Dr. A. Gray's observations 
were made loosely; he said in a letter he would attend this summer further to the case, which clearly surprised 
him much. I will say nothing about the rostellum, stigmatic utriculi, fertility of Acropera and Catasetum , for I 
am completely bewildered: it will rest with you to settle these points by your excellent observations and 
experiments. I mus t own I never could help doubting Dr. Hooker's case of the poppy. You may like to hear what 
I have seen this morning: I found -640-2. See Letter 658.- a primrose plant with flowers having three pistils, 
which when pulled asunder, without any tearing, allowed pollen to be placed on ovules. This I did with three 
flowers--pollen-tubes did not protrude after several days. But this day, the sixteenth -N.B.--primulas seem 
naturally slowly fertilised-, I found many tubes protruded, and, what is very odd, they certainly seemed to have 
penetrated the coats of the ovules, but in no one instance the foramen of the ovule!! I mention this because it 
directly bears on your explanation of Dr. Cruger's case. -640-3. Cruger's case here referred to is doubtless the 
cleistogamic fertilisation of Epidendrum, etc. Scott discusses the question of self-fertilisation at great length in a 
letter to Darwin dated April, and obvious ly written in 1863. In Epidendrum he observed a viscid matter 
extending from the stigmatic chamber to the anther: pollen-tubes had protruded from the anther not only where 
it was in contact with the viscid matter, but also from the central par t, and these spread "over the anterior 
surface of the rostellum downward into the stigma." Cruger believed the viscid matter reaching the anther was