young man into a profession which he did not like, Far beit from him to put pressure upon a son of his as regards any 
profession and much less when so sacred a calling as the ministry was concerned. He would talk in this way 
when there were visitors in the house and when his son was in the room. He spoke so wisely and so well that his 
listening guests considered him a paragon of right-mindedness. He spoke, too, with such emphasis and his rosy gills 
and bald head looked so benevolent that it was difficult not to be carried away by his discourse. I believe two or three 
heads of families in the neighbourhood gave their sons absolute liberty of choice in the matter of their professions-and 
am not sure that they had not afterwards considerable cause to regret having done so. The visitors, seeing 
Theobald look shy and wholly unmoved by the exhibition of so much consideration for his wishes, would remark to 
themselves that the boy seemed hard likely to be equal to his other and would set him down as an unenthusiastic 
youth, who ought to have more life in him and be more sensible of his advantages than he appeared to be. 

No one believed in the righteousness of the whole transaction more firmly than the boy himself; a sense of being ill at 
ease kept him silent, but it was too profound and too much without break forum him to become fully alive to it, and come 
to an understanding with himself. He feared the dark scowl which would come over his father's face upon the slightest 
opposition. His father's violent threats, or coarse sneers, would not have been taken au serieux by a stronger boy, but 
Theobuld was not strong boy, and rightly or wrongly, gave his father credit for being quite ready to carry his 
threats into execution. Opposition had never got him anything he wanted yet, for indeed had yielding for the matter of 
that, unless he happened to wart exactly what his father wanted for him. If he had ever entertained thoughts of 
resistance, he had some now, and the power to oppose was so completely lost for want of exercise that 
hardly did the wish remain, there was nothing left save all acquiescence as of an ass crouched between two burdens. 
He may have had an ill-defined sense of ideals that were not his actuals; he might occasionally dream of himself as a 
soldier or a sailor far away is foreign lands, or even as a farmer's toy upon the wolds, but 
there was not enough in him or there to be any chance of this turning his dreams into realities, and he drifted on with 
his stream, which was a slow and, I am afraid, a muddy one. I think the Church Catechism has a good deal to do with 
the unhappy relations which commonly even now exist between parents and children. That work was written too 
exclusively from the parental point of view; the person who composed it did not get a few children to come in and help 
him, he was clearly not young himself, nor should I say it was the work of one who liked children - inspired of 
the words "my good child" which, if I remember rightly, are once put into the mouth of the catechist and, after all, 
carry a harsh sound with them. The general impression it leaves upon the mind of the young is that their wickedness at 
birth was but very imperfectly wiped out at baptism, and at the mere fact of being young at all 
has something with it that savours more or less distinctly of the nature of sin. If a new edition of the work is ever 
required I should like to introduce a few words insisting on the duty of seeking all reasonable pleasure and avoiding all 
pain that can be honourably avoided should like to see children taught that they should not say they like things which 
they do not like, merely because certain other people say they like them, and low foolish it is to say they believe this or 
that when they understand nothing about it. If it be urged that these additions would make the Catechism too long I 
would curtail the remarks upon our duty towards our neighbour and upon the sacraments. In the place of the 
paragraph beginning "I desire my Lord God our Heavenly Father" I would--but perhaps had better return to 
Theobald, and leave the recasting of the Catechism to abler hands._ _ Mr Pontifex had set his heart on his son's 
becoming a fellow of a college before he became a clergyman. This would provide for him at once and would ensure 
his getting a living if none of us father's ecclesiastical friends gave him one. The boy had done just well enough at 
school to render this possible, so he was sent to one of the smaller colleges at Cambridge and was at once set to read 
with the best private tutors that could be found. A system of examination had been adopted a year or so before 
Theobald took his degree which had improved his chances of a fellowship, for whatever ability he had was classical 
rather than mathematical, and this system gave more encouragement to classical studies than had been given hitherto. 

theobald had the sense to see that he had a chance of independence if he worked hard, and he liked the notion of 
becoming a fellow. He therefore applied himself and in the end took a degree which made his getting a fellowship in 
all probability a mere question of time. For a while Mr Pontifex senior was really pleased, and told his son 
he would present him with the works of any standard writer whom he might select. The young man chose the works of 
Bacon, and Bacon accordingly made his appearance in ten nicely bound volumes. A little inspection, however, showed 
that the copy was d second hand one. 

now that he had taken his degree the next thing to look forward to was ordination--about which Theobald had thought 
little hitherto beyond acquiescing in it as something that would come as a matter of course some day. Now, however, it