had actually come and was asserting itself as a thing which should be only a few months of, and this rather frightened 
in inasmuch as there would be no way out of it when he was once in it. He did not like the near view of ordination as 
well as the distant one, and even made some feeble efforts to escape, as may be perceived by the following 
correspondence which his son Ernest found among his father's papers written on gilt-edged paper, in faded ink 
and tied neatly round with a piece of tape, but without any note or comment. I have altered nothing. The letters are as 
follows:- 

"My dear Father, -I do not like opening up a question which has been considered settled, but as the time approaches I 
begin to be very doubtful how far I am fitted to be a clergyman. No I am thankful to say that I have the faintest doubts 
about the Church England and I could subscribe cordially to every one of the thirty-nine articles which do indeed 
appear to me to be there plus ultra of human wisdom, and Paley, too, leaves no loop-hole for an opponent; 
but I am sure I should be running counter to your wishes were to conceal from you that I do not feel the inward call 
to be a minister of the gospel that I shall have to say I have felt when the Bishop ordains me. I try to get this feeling, I 
pray for it earnestly, and sometimes half think that I have got it, but in a little time it wears off, and though I have no 
absolute repugnance to being a clergyman and trust that I am one I shall endeavour to live to the Glory of God and 
to advance His interests upon earth, yet I feel that something more than this is wanted before I am fully justified in 
going to the Church. I am aware that I have been a great expense to you in spite of my scholarships, but you have 
ever tought me that I should obey my conscience and my conscience tells me I should do wrong if I became a 
clergyman. God may yet give me the spirit for which I assure you I have been and am continually 

praying, but He may not, and in that case would t not be better for me to try and look out for something else? I know 
that neither you nor John Wish me to go into your business, nor do I understand anything about money matters, but is 
there nothing else that I can do? I do not like to ask you to maintain me while I go in for medicine or the bar; but when 
get my fellowship which should not be long first I will endeavour to cost you nothing further, and I might make a 
little money by writing or taking pupils I trust you will not think this letter improper; nothing is further from my wish 
than to cause you dry uneasiness. I hope you will make allowance for my present feelings which, indeed, spring from 
nothing but from that respect for my conscience which no one has so often instilled into me as yourself. Pray let me 
have a few lines shortly. I hope your cad is better. With love to Eliza and Maria, I am, your affectionate son, 

"THEO BALD PONTIFEX." Dear Theobald,- 1 can enter into your feelings and have no wish to quarrel with your 
expression of them. It is quite right and natural that you should feel as you do except as regards one passage, the 
impropriety of which you will yourself doubtless feel upon reflection, and to which I will not further allude than to say 
that it has wounded me. You should not have said 'in spite of my scholarships. It was only proper that if you cold do 
anything to assist me in bearing the heavy burden of your education, the money should be, as it was, made over to 
myself. Every line in your letter convinces me that you are under the influence of a morbid sensitiveness which is one of 
the devil's favourite devices for luring people to their destruction. I have, as you say, been at great expense with your 
education. Nothing has been spared by me to give you the advantages, which, as an English gentleman, I was 
anxious to afford my son, but I am not prepared to see that expense thrown away and to have to begin again from the 
beginning, merely because you have taken some foolish scruples into your head, which you should resist as no less 
unjust to yourself than to me. "Don't give way to that restless desire for change which is the bane of so many persons of 
both sexes at the present day. 

"Of course you neein't be ordained: nobody will compel you, you are perfectly free, you are twenty-free years of age, 
and should know your own mind; but why not have known it sooner instead of never so much as breathing a hint of 
opposition until I have had all the expense of sending you to the University, which I should never have 
done unless I had believed you to have made up your mind about taking orders? I have letters from you in which you 
express the most perfect willingness to be ordained, and your brother and sisters will bear me out in saying that no 
pressure of any sort has been put upon you. You mistake your own mind, and are suffering from a nervous timidity 
which may be very natural but may not the less be pregnant with serious consequences to yourself. I am not at 
all well and the anxiety occasioned by your letter is naturally preying upon me. May Gad guide you go a better 
judgement.-Your affectionate father, G. PONTIFEX." 

On the receipt of this letter Theobald plucked up his spirits. "My father," he said to himself, "tells me I need not be 
ordained if I do not like. I do not like, and therefore I will not be ordained. But what was the meaning of the words