of the ovules? If you thought it worth while to examine ovules, I would see if there are more monstrous flowers, 
and put pollen into the ovarium, and s end you the flowers in fourteen or fifteen days afterwards. But it is rather 
troublesome. I would not do it unless you cared to examine the ovules. Like a foolish and idle man, I have 
wasted a whole morning over them... In two ovules there was an odd appearance, as if the outer coat of ovule at 
the chalaza end -if I understand the ovule- had naturally opened or withered where most of the pollen-tubes 
seemed to penetrate, which made me at first think this was a widely open foramen. I wonder whether the ovules 
could be thus fertilised? 

LETTER 659. TO D. OLIVER. Down -April, 1863-. Many thanks about the Primula. I see that I was pretty right 
about the ovules. I have been thinking that the apparent opening at the chalaza end must have been withering or 
perhaps gnawing by some very minute insects, as the ovarium is open at the upper end. If I have time I will have 
another look at pollen-tubes, as, from what you say, they ought to find their way to the micropyle. But ovules to 
me are far more troublesome to dissect than animal tissue; they ar e so soft, and muddy the water. 

LETTER 660. TO MAXWELL MASTERS. Down, April 6th -1863-. I have been very glad to read your paper on 
Peloria. -660-1. "On the Existence of Two Forms of Peloria." "Natural History Review," April, 1863, page 258.- 
For the mere chance of the following case being new I send it. A plant which I purchased as Corydalis tuberosa 
has, as you know, one nectary--short, white, and without nectar; the pistil is bowed towards the true nectary; 
and the hood formed by the inner petals slips off towards the opposite side -all adaptations to insect agency, like 
many other pretty ones in this family-. Now on my plants there ar e several flowers -the fertility of which I will 
observe- with both nectaries equal and purple and secreting nectar; the pistil is straight, and the hood slips 
off either way. In short, these flowers have the exact structure of Dielytra and Adlumia. Seeing this, I must look at 
the case as one of reversion; though it is one of the spreading of irregularity to two sides. As columbine - 
Aquilegia- has all petals, etc., irregular, and as monkshood -Aconitum- has two petals irregular, may not the 
case given by Seringe, and referred to -by- you -660-2. "Seringe des cribes and figures a flower -of Aconitum- 
wherein all the sepals were helmet-shaped," and the petals similarly affected. Maxwell Masters, op. cit., 
page 260.-, by you be looked at as reversion to the columbine state? Would it be too bold to suppose that some 
ancient Linaria, or allied form, and some ancient Viola, had all petals spur-shaped, and that all cases of 
"irregular peloria" in these genera are reversions to such imaginary ancient form? -660-3. "'Regular or 
Congenital Peloria' would include those flowers which, contrary to their usual habit, retain throughout the 
whole of their growth their primordial regularity of form and equality of proportion. 'Irregular or Acquired 
Peloria,' on the other hand, would include those flowers in which the irregularity of growth that ordinarily 
characterises some por tions of the corolla is manifested in all of them." Maxwell Mas ters, loc. cit.- It seems to 
me, in my ignorance, that it would be advantageous to consider the two forms of Peloria WHEN OCCURRING 
IN THE VERY SAME SPECIES as probably due to the same general law--viz., one as reversion to very early 
state, and the other as reversion to a later state when all the petals were irregularly formed. This seems at least 
to me a priori a more probable view than to look at one form of Peloria as due to reversion and the other as 
something distinct. -660-4. See Maxwell Masters, "Vegetable Teratology," 1869, page 235; "Variation of 
Animals and Plants," Edition II., Volume II., page 33.- What do you think of this notion? 

LETTER 661. TO P.H. GOSSE. -661-1. The following was written in reply to Mr. Gosse's letter of May 30th 
asking for a solution of his difficulties in fertilising Stanhopea. It is reprinted by the kind permission of Mr. 
Edmund Gosse from his delightful book, the "Life of Philip Henry Gosse," London, 1890, page 299.- Down, 
June 2nd, 1863. It would give m e real pleasure to resolve your doubts, but I cannot. I can give only suspicions 
and my grounds for them. I should think the non- viscidity of the stigmatic hollow was due to the plant not living 
under its natural conditions. Please s ee what I have said on Acropera. An excellent observer, Mr. J. Scott, of the 
Botanical Gardens, Edinburgh, finds all that I say accurate, but, nothing daunted, he with the knife enlarged the 
orifice and forced in pollen-masses; or he simply stuck them into the contracted orifice without coming into 
contact with the stigmatic surface, which is hardly at all viscid, when, lo and behold, pollen-tubes were emitted 
and fine seed capsules obtained. This was effected with Acropera Loddigesii; but I have no doubt that I have 
blundered badly about A. luteola. I mention all this because, as Mr. Scott remarks, as the plant is in our hot- 
houses, it is quite incredible it ever could be fertilised in its native land. The whole case is an utter enigma to 
me. Probably you are awar e that there are cases -and it is one of the oddest facts in Physiology- of plants 
which, under culture, have their sexual functions in so strange a condition, that though their pollen and ovules 
are in a sound state and can fertilise and be fer tilised by distinct but allied species, they cannot fertilise 
themselves. Now, Mr. Scott has found this the case with certain orchids, which again shows sexual disturbance. 
He had read a paper at the Botanical Society of Edinburgh, and I daresay an abstract which I have seen will