'pregnant with serious consequences to yourself? Did there lurk a treat under these words--though it was impossible 
to lay hold of it or of them? Were they not intended to produce at the effect of a threat without 
being actually threatening?" 

Theobald knew his father well enough to be little likely to misapprehend his meaning, but having ventured so far on the 
path of opposition, and being really anxious to get out of being ordained if he could, he determined to venture farther. 
 
He accordingly wrote the following: 
"My dear father,-- You tell me and I heartly thank you--that no one will compel me to be ordained. I knew you would 
not press ordination upon me if my conscience was seriously opposed to it; I have therefore resolved on giving up the 
idea, and believe that if you will continue to allow me what you do at present, until I get my fellowship, which showld 
not be long, I will then cease putting you to further expense. I will make up my mind as soon as possible what 
profession I will adopt, and will let you know at once.—Your affectionate son, THEOBALD PONTIFEX."

The remaining letter, written by return of post, must now be given. It has the merit of brevity. 

"Dear Theobald.--I have received yours. I am at a loss to conceive its motive, but am very clear as to its effect. You 
shall not receive a single sogence_fron me fill you come to your senses. Should you persist in your folly and 
wickedness, I am happy to remember that I have yet other children whose conduct I can depend upon to be a source of 
credit and happiness to me. Your affectionate but troubled father, G. PONTIFEX." 

I do not know the immediate sequel to the foregoing correspondence, but it all came perfectly right in the end. Either 
Theobald's heart died him, or he intetpreted the outward shove witch his father gave him, as the inward call for 
which I have no doubt he prayed with great earnestness-- or he was a firm believer in the efficacy of braver. And so am 
I under certain circumstances. Tennys on has said that more things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams 
of, but he has wisely refrained from saying whether they are good things or bad things. It might perhaps be as well if 
the would were to dream of, or even become wide awake to, some of the things that are being wrought by prayer. But 
the question is avowedly difficult. In the end Theobald got his fellowship by a stroke of luck very soon after taking his 
degree and was ordained in the autumn of the same year 1825. Mr Allaby was rector of Crampsford, a village a 
few miles from Cambridge. He, too, had taken a good degree, had got a fellowship, and in the course of time had 
accepted a college living of about 400 pounds a year and a house. His private income did not exceed 200 pounds a 
year. On resigning his fellowship he married a woman a good deal younger than himself who bore him eleven children, 
nine of whom--two sons and even daughters--were living The two eldest daughters had married fairly well, but at the 
time of which I am how writing there were still five unmarried, of ages varying between thirty and twenty-two--and the 
sons were neither them yet off their father's hands. It was plain that if anything were to happen to Mr Allaby the 
family would be let poorly off, and this made both Mr and Mrs Allaby as unhappy as it ought to have made them. 

Reader did you ever have an income at best none too large, which died with you all except 200 pounds a year? Did 
you ever at the same time have two sons who must be started in life somehow, and five daughters still unmarried for 
whom you would only be too thankful to find husbands--if you knew how to find them morality is that which on the 
whole, brings a man peace in his declining years-if that is to say, it is not an utter swindle, can you under these 
circumstances flatter yourself that you have led a moral lie? 

And this even though your wife has been so good a woman that you have not grown tired of her, and has not fallen into 
such ill-health as lowers you own health in sympathy; and though your family has grown up vigorous, amiable, and 
blessed with common sense. I know many old men and women who are reputed moral, but who are living 
with partners whom they have long ceased to love, or who have ugly disagreeable maiden daughters for whom they 
have never been able to find husbands--daughters whom they loath and by whom they are loathed in secret, or sons 
whose folly or extravagance is a perpetual wear and worry to them. Is it moral for a man to have brought such things 
upon himself? Someone should do for morals what that old Pecksniff Bacon has obtained the credit of having done for 
science. 

But to return to Mr and Mrs Allaby. Mrs Allaby talked about having married two of her daughters us through it had 
been the easiest thing in the world. She talked in this way because she heard other mothers do so, but in her heart of