Hearts she did not know how she had done it, non indeed, it had been her doing at all. First there had been a young 
man in conection with whom she had tried to practise certain manoeuvres which she had rehearsed in imagination 
over and over again, but which she found impossible to apply in practice. Then there had been weeks of a wurra wurra 
of hopes and fears and little stratagems which as often as not proved injudicious, and then somehow or other in the end, 
there lay the young man bound and with an arrow through his heart at her daughter's feet. It seemed to her to be 
all a flake which site could have little or no hope of repeating. She had indeed repeated once, and night perhaps with 
good luck repeat it yet once again but five times over! It was awful: why she would rather have three-confinements 
han go through the wear and tear of marrying a single daughter. 

Nevertheless i had got to be done, and poor Mr.Allaby never looked at a young man without an eye to his being a 
fiture son-in-law. 

Papas and mamma sometimes ask young men whether their intentions are honourable towards their daughters. I think 
young men might occasionally ask papas and mammas whether their intentions are honourable before they accept 
invitations to houses where there are still unmarried daughters. "I can't afford a curate, my dear," said Mr Allaby to 
his wife when the pair were discussing what was next to be done. "It will be better to get some young man to come and 
help me for a time upon a Sunday. A guinea a Sunday will do this, and we can chop and change till we get someone 
who suits." So it was settled that Mr Alaby's health was not so strong as it has been, and that he stood in need 
of help in the performance of his Sunday duty. 

Mrs Allaby had a great friend-a certain Mrs Cowey, wife of the celebrated Professor Cowey. She was what was called 
a truly spiritually minded woman, a trifle portly, with an incipient beard, and an extensive connection among 
undergraduates, more especially among those who were inclined to take part in the great evangelical movement which 
was then at its height. She gave evening parties once a fortnight at which prayer was part of the entertainment. She 
was not only spiritually minded, but, as enthusiastic Mrs Allaby used to exclaim, she was a thorough woman of the 
world at the same time and had such a fund of strong masculine good sense. She too had daughters, out, as she used to 
say to Mrs Allaby, she had been less fortunate than Mrs Allaby herself, for one by one they had married and let her so 
that her old age would have been desolate indeed if her Professor had not been spared to her. 

Mrs Cowey, of course, knew the run of all the bachelor clergy in the University, and was the very person to assist Mrs 
Allaby finding an religible assistant for her husband, so this last named lady drove over one morning in the 
November of 1825. by arrangement, to take an early dinner with Mrs Cowey and spend the afternoon. After dinner 
the two ladies retired together, and the business of the day began. How they faced, how they saw through one another, 
with what loyalty they pretended not to see through one another, with what gentle dalliance they prolonged the 
conversation discussing the spiritual fitness of this or that deacon, and the other pros and cons connected with him 
after spiritual fitness had been disposed of all this must be left the imagination of the reader. Mrs Cowey 
had been so accustomed to scheming on her own account that she wand scheme for anyone rather than not scheme at 
all. Many mothers turned to her in their hour of seed and provided they were spiritually minded, Mr Cowey never 
failed to do her best for them if the marriage of a young Bachelor of Arts was not made in Heaven, 
it was probably made, or at any rate attempted, Mrs Cowey's drawing-room. On the present occasion all the 
deacons of the University in whom there lurked and spark of promise were exhaustively discussed, art the upshot was 
that our friend Theobald was declared by Mrs Cowey to be about the best thing she could do 
that afternoon. 

"I don't know that he's a particularly fascinating young man, mydear," said Mrs Cowey, and he's only a second son, 
but then he's got his fellowship, and even the second son of such a man as Mr Pontifex the publisher should have 
something very comfortable." 

"Why yes, my dear," rejoined Mrs Allahy complacently, that's what are rather feels."
 
_ The interview, like all other good things had to come to an end, the days were short, and Mrs Allaby had a six similes' 
drive to Crampsford. When she was muffled up and had taken her seat, Mr Alaby's factotun, James, could perceive no 
change in her appearance, and little knew what a series of delightfil visions he was driving home along with his 
mistress. 

Professor Cowey had published works trough Theobald's father, and Theobald had on this account been taken in tow 
by Mrs Cowey from the beginning of he Universty career. She had had her eye upon him for sometime past, and