almost as much felt it her duty to get him off her list of young man for whom wives had to be provided as poor 
Mrs Allaby did to try and get a husband for one her daughters. She now wrote and asked him to come and see her, in 
terms that awakened his curiosity. When he came she broached the subject of Mr Allaby's failing health, and after the 
smoothing away of such difficulties as were only Mrs Cowey's due, considering the interest she had taken, it was 
allowed to come to pass that Theobald should goto Crampsford for so successive Sundays and take the half of Mr 
Allaby duty at half a guinea a Sunday for Mrs Cowey at down the usual stipend mercilessly, and Theobald was not 
strong enough to resist. 

Ignorant of the plots which were being prepared for his peace of mind and with no idea beyond that earning his 
three guineas, and perhaps of astotonishing the inhabitants of Crampsford by he academic learning, Theobald walked 
over to the Rectory one Sunday morning early in December-a few weeks only after he had been ordained. He 
had taken a great deal of pains with his sermon, which was on the subject of geology-then coming to the fore as a 
theological bugbear. He showed that so far as geology was worth anything at all--and he was too liberal entirely to
pooh-pboh it--it confirmed the absolutely historical character of the Mosaic account of the Creation as given in 
Genesis. Any phenomena which at first sight appeared to make against this view were only partial phenomena and 
broke down upon investigation. Nothing could be in more excellent taste, and when Theobald adjourned to the rectory, 
where he was to dike between the services, Mr Alaby complimented him warmly upon his debut, while the ladies of the 
family could hard find words with which to express their admiration. 

Theobal knew nothing about women. The only women he had been thrown in contact with were his sisters, two of 
whom were always correcting him, and a few school friends whom these had got their father to ask to Elmhursi. These 
young ladies had either been so shy that they and Theobald had never amalgamated, or they had been supposed to be 
clever and had said smart things to him. He did not say smart things himself and did not want other people to say them. 
Besides, they talked about music--and he hated music or pictures and he hated pictures--or books and except the 
classics he hated books. And then sometimes he was wanted to dance with them, and he did not know how to dance, 
and did not want to know. 

A Mrs Cowey's parties again he had seen some young ladies and had been introduced to them. He had tried to make 
himself agreeable, but was always left with the impression that he had not been success. The young ladies of Mrs 
Cowey's set were by no meant the most attractive that might have been found in the University, and Theobald may be 
excused for not losing his heart to the greater number of them, while if for a minute or two he was thrown in with 
one of the prettier and more agreeable girls he was almost immediately cut out by someone less bashful than himself, 
and sneaked off, feeling as far as the fair sex was concerned, like the impotent man at the pool of Bethesda. 

What a really nice girt might have done with him I cannot tell, but fate had thrown none such in his way except his 
youngest sister Alethea, whom he might perhaps have liked if she had not beer his sister. The result o his experience 
was that women had never done him all good and he was not accustomed to associate them with any 
pleasure; if there was a part of Hamlet in connection with them it was been so completely cut out in the edition of the 
play in which he was required to act that he had come to disbelieve in its existence. As for kissing, he had never kissed 
a woman in his life except his sister and my own sisters when we were all small children together. Over and above 
these kisses, he had until quite lately been required to imprint a solemn flabby kiss night and 
morning upon his father's cheek, and this, to the best of my belief, was the extent of Theobald's knowledge in the matter 
of kissing, at the time of which I am now writing. The result of the foregoing was that he had come to dislike women, as 
mysterious beings whose ways were not as his ways, nor their thoughts as his thoughts. 

With these antecedents Theobald naturally felt rather bashful on finding himself the admired of five strange young 
ladies. I remember when I was a boy myself I was once asked to take tea at a girls' school where one of my sisters was 
boarding. I was then about twelve years old. Everything went of well during tea-time, for the Lady Principal of the 
establishment was present. But there came a time when site went away and I was left alone with the girls. 

the moment the mistress's back was turned the head girl, who was bout my own age, came up, pointed her finger at 
me, made a face and said solemnly, "Anna-a-sty bo-o-oy!" All the girds followed her in rotation making the same gesture 
and the same reproach upon by being a boy. It gave me a great scare. I believe I cried, and I know it was a long time 
before could again face a girl without a strong desire to put away!