of a lack of fervour in his behaviour to her. I need not give Christina's answer, which of course was to accept. 
Much as Theaobald feared old Mr Allaby I do not think he would have wrought up his courage to the point of actually 
proposing but for the fact of the engagement being necessarily a long ore, during which a dozen things might turn up 
to break it off. However much he may have disapproved long engagements for other people, I doubt whether he had 
any particular objection to them in his own case. A pair of lovers are like sunset and sun rise: there are such things 
every day but we very seldom see them Theobald posed as the most ardent lover imaginable, but, to use the vulgarism 
for the moment in fashion, it was all "side." Christina was in love, as indeed she had been twenty times already. 
But then Christina was impressionable and could not even hear the name "Missolonghi" mentioned without bursting into 
tears. When Theobald accidentally left this sermon case behind him one Sunday, she slept with it in her bosom and was 
forlorn when she had as it were to disgorge it on the following Sunday; but I do not think Theobald ever took so much 
as and toothbrush of Christina's to bed with him. Why, knew a young man once who got hold of his mistress's 
skates and slept with them for a fortnight it and cried when he had to give them up. Theobald's engagement was all 
very well as far as it went, but there was an old gentleman with a bald head and rosy cheeks in a counting 
house in Paternoster Row who must sooner or later be told of what is son lad in view, ad Theobal's heart fluttered 
when he asked himself what view this old gentleman was likely to take of the situation. The murder, however, had to 
come out, and Theobald and is intended, perhaps imprudently, resolved on making a clean breast of it at once. He 
wrote what he and Christina, who helped him to draft the letter, thought to be everything that was filal, and 
expressed himself as anxious to be married with the least possible delay. He could not help saying this, as Chrstina 
was as his shoulders, and he knew it was safe, for this father might be trusted not to help him. He wound up by asking his 
father to use any influence that might be at his command o help him to get a living, inasmuch as it might be years 
before a college living fell vacant, and he saw no other chance of being able to marry, for neither he 
nor his intended had any money except Theobald's fellowship, which would, of course, lapse on his taking a wife. 

Any step of Theobald's was sure to be objectionable in his father's eyes, but that at three-end-twenty he should want to 
marry penniless girl who was four years older than himself, afforded a golden opportunity which the old gentleman -
for so I may now call him, as he was at least sixty--embraced with characteristic eagerness. 

"The ineffable folly " he wrote, on receiving his son's letter, "of your fancied passion for Miss Allaby fills me with the 
graves apprehensions. Making every allowance for a lover's blindness, I still have no doubt that the lady herself is a 
well-conducted and amiable young person, who would not disgrace our family, but were she ten times more desirable 
as a daughter-in-law than I can allow myself to hope, your joint poverty is an insuperable objection to your marriage. I 
have four other children besides yourself, and my expenses do not permit me to save money. This year they have been 
especially heavy, indeed I have had to purchase two not inconsiderable pieces of land which happened to come into the 
market and were necessary to complete a property which have long wanted to round of in this way. I gave you an 
education regardless of expense, which has put you in possession of a comfortable income, at an age when many young 
men are dependent I have this started you fairly in life, and may claim that you should cease to be a drag 
upon me further. Long engagements are proverblally unsatisfactory, and in the present case the prospect seems 
interminable. What interest, pray, do you suppose I leave that I could get a living for you? Can I go up and down the 
country begging people to provide for my son because he was taken it into his head to want to get married 
without sufficient means? 

"I do not wish to write unkindly, nothing can be farther from my real feelings towards you, but there is often more 
kindness in plain speaking than in any amount of soft words which can end in no substantial performance. Of course, I 
bear in mind that you are of age, and can therefore please yourself, but if you choose to claim 
the strict letter of the law, and act without consideration for your father's feelings, you must not be surprised if you one 
day find that I have claimed a like liberty for myself.-Believe me, your affectionate father, G. PONTIFEX." 

I found his letter along with those already given and a few more which I need not give, but throughout which the same 
tone prevails, and in all of which there is the more or less obvious shake of the will near the end of the letter. 
Remembering Theobald's general dumbness concerning his father for the many years I blew him after 
his father's death, there was an eloquence in the preservation of the letters and in their endorsement "Letters from my 
father, which seemed to have with it some faint odour of health and nature. Theobald did not show His father's letter to 
Christina, nor, indeed, I believe to any one. He was by nature secretive, and had been repressed too much and too early