still inarticulate, felt as a dull dead weight ever present day by day, and if he woke at night-time still continually
present, but he hardly knew what it was. I was about the closest friend he had, and I saw but little of him, for I could
not get on with him for long together. He said I had no reference; whereas I thought that I had plenty of reverence for 
what deserved to be revered, but that the gods which he deemed golden were in reality made of baser metal. He 
never, as I have said, complained of his father to me, and is only other friends were, like himself, staid and prim, of 
evangelical tendencies, and deeply imbued with a sense of the sinfulness of any act of insubordination to parents--good 
young men, in fact and one cannot blow off steam to a good young man. 

When Christina was informed by her lover of his father's opposition, and of the time which must probably elapse before 
they could be married, she offered--with how much sincerity I know not--to see him free from his engagement; but 
Theobald declined to be released "not at least," as he said, "at present." Christina and Mrs Allaby knew 
they could manage him, and on this not very satisfactory footing the engagement was continued. 

His engagement and his refusal to be released or once raised Theobald in his own good opinion. Dull as he was, he had 
no small share of quiet self-approbation. He admired him self for his University distinction, for the purity of his life (I 
said of him once that if he lead only a better temper he would be as innocent as a new-laid egg) and for his 
unimpeachable integrity in money matters. He did not despair of advancement in the Church when he 
had once got a living, and of course it was within the bounds of possibility that he might one day become a Bishop, and 
Christina said she felt convinced that this would ultimately be the case. 

As was natural for the daughter and intended wife of a clergyman, Christina's thoughts ran much upon religion, and 
she was resolved that even though an exalted position in this world were denied to her and Theobald their virtues 
should be idly appreciated in the next. Her religious opinions coincided absolutely with Theobald's own, and many a 
corrvertation did she have with him about the glory of God, and the completeness with which they would devote
themselves to it, as soon as Theobald had got his living and they were married. So certain was she of the great results 
which would then ensue that she wondered at times at the blindness shown by Providence towards its own truest 
interests in not killing off the rectors who stood between Theobald and his living a little faster. 

In those days people believed with a simple downrightness which I do not observe among educated men and women 
now. I had never so much as crossed Theobald's mind to doubt the literal accuracy of any syllable in the Bible He had 
never seen any book in which this was disputed, nor met with anyone who doubted it. True, there was just 
a little care about geology, but there was nothing in it. If it was said that God made the world in six days, wiry He did 
make it in six days, neither in more no less; if it was said that He put Adam to sleep, took out one of his ribs and made 
a woman of it, why it was so as a matter of course. He, Adam, went to sleep as it might be himself, Theobald Pontifex, 
in a garden, as it might be the garden at Crampsford Rectory during the summer months when it was so pretty, only 
that it was larger, and had some tame vild animals in it. Then God came up to him, as it might be M: Allaby or his 
father, dexterously took out che of his ribs without waking him, ana miraculously healed the wound so that no trace of 
the operation remained. Finaly, God had taken the rib perhaps into the greenhouse, and had turned it into just such 
another young woman as Christina. That was how it was done; there was neither difficulty nor shadow of difficulty 
about the matter could not God do anything He liked, and had He not in His own-inspired Book told us that He had 
done this? This was the average attitude of fairly educated young men and women towards the Mosaic cosmogony fifty, 
forty, or even twenty years ago. The combating of infidelity, therefore, offered little scope for enterprising young 
clergymen, nor host the Church awakened to the activity which she was since displayed among the poor in our large 
towns. These were then left almost without an effort at resistance of co-operation to the labours of those who had 
succeeded Wesley. Missionary work indeed in heathen countries was being carried on with some energy, but Theobald 
did not feel any call to be a missionary Christine suggested this to him more than once, and assured him of the 
unspeakable happiness it would be to her to be the wife of a missionary, and to share his dangers, she and Theobald 
might even be martyred, of course they would be martyred simultaneously, and martyrdom many years hence as 
regarded from the arbour in the Rectory garden was not painful, it would ensure them a 
glorious future in the bent world and at any rate posthumous renonn this--even if they were not miraculously 
restored to life again, and such things had happened ere now in the case of martyrs. Theobald, however, had not been