was assured, with conviction deeper than she could have attained by any argument founded upon mere 
reason. 

"We, dearest Theobald," she exclaimed "will be ever faithfid. We will stand firm and support one another ever in the 
hour of death itself God in his mercy may spares from being burnt alive. He may or may not do so. Oh Lord' (and 
she turned her eyes prayerfully to Heaven), "spate my Theobald, onrgrant that he may be beheaded." 

"My dearest," said Theobald gravely do not le tus agitate ourselves unduly. If the hour of trial comes we shall be best 
prepared to meet it by having led a quiet unobtrusive life of self- 
denial and devotion to God's glory. Such a life let us pray God that it may please Him to enable us to pray that we may
lead."
 
"Dearest Theobald " exclaimed Christina, drying the tears that had gathered in her eyes, you are always, always 
right. Let us be self denying, pure, upright, truthful in word and deed." She clasped her hands and looked up to Heaven 
as she spoke. 

"Dearest," rejoined her lover we have ever hitherto endeavoured to be all of these things, we have not been worldly 
people, let us watch and pray that we may so continue to the end." The moon had risen and the arbour was getting 
damp, so they adjourned further aspirations ford more convenient season. At other times Christina pictured herself 
and Theobald as braving the scorn of almost every human being in the achievement of some mighty 
task which should redound to the honour of her Redeemer. She could face anything for this. But always towards the end 
of her vision there came a little coronation scene high up in the golden regions of the Heavens, and a diadem was set 
upon her head by the Son of Wan Himself, amid a host of angels and archangels who looked on with envy and 
dmiration--and here even Theobald himself was out of it. 

If there could be such a thing as the Mamm of Righteousness Christina would have assuredly made friends with it. 
Her papa and mamma were very estimable people and would in the course of time receive Heavenly Mansions in which 
they would be exceedingly comfortable so doubtless would her sisters; so perhaps, even might her brothers; but for 
herself she felt that a higher destiny was preparing, which it was her duty never to lose sight of. The first 
step towards it would be her marriage with Theobald. In spite, however, of these flights of religious romanticism, 
Christina was a good-tempered kindly matured girl enough, who, if she had married a sensible layman--we will say a 
hotel-keeper-would have developed into a good landlady and been deservedly popular with her guests. 

Such was Theobald's engaged life. May a little present passed between the pair, and may a small surprise did they 
prepare pleasantly for one another. They never quarrelled, and neither of them ever flirted with anyone else. Mrs 
Allaby and his future sisters-2-law iddlised The bald in spite of its being impossible to get another deacon to come 
and be played for as long as Theobald was able to help Mr Allaby, which now of course he did free gratis and 
for nothing; two of the sisters however did manage to find husbands before Christina was actually married, and on 
each occasion Theobald played the part of decoy elephant. In the end only two out of the seven daughters remained
single.
 
After three or four years, old Mr Pontifex became accustomed to his son's engagement and looked upon it as among the 
things which had now a perspective right to toleration. In the spring of 1832, more than five years after Theobald had 
first walked over to Crampsford, one of the best livings in the gift of the College unexpectedly fell vacant, and was for 
various reasons declined by the two fellows senior to Theobald, who might each have been expected to take it. 
The living was them offered to and of course accepted by Theobald, being in value not less than 500 pounds a year with 
a suitable house and garden. Old Mr Pontifex then came down more handsomely than was expected and settled 10,000 
pound on his son and daughter-in-law for life with remainder to such of their issue as they might appoint. In the month 
of July, 1831 Theobald and Oristina became man and wife._ _ A due number of old shoes had been thrown at the 
carriage in which the happy pair departed from the Rectory, and it had turned the corner at the bottom of the village. It 
could then be seen for two or three hundred yards creeping past a fir coppice, and after this was lost to view. 

"John, said Mr Allaby to his man-servant, "sing the gate " and he went indoors with a sight of relief which seemed to 
say: "I have done t, and I am alive." This was the reaction after a burst of enthusiastic merriment during which the old 
gentler an had run twenty yards after the carriage to fling a slipper at it--which he had duly flung.