But what were the feelings of Theobald and Christina when the village was passed and t'tey were rolling quietly by the 
fir plantation? It is at this point that even the stoutest heart must fail, unless it beat in the breast of one who is over 
head and ears in love. If a young man is in a small boat on a choppy sea, along with his affianced bride and both are 
sea-sick, and if the sick swair can forget his own anguish in the happiness of holding the fair one's head when she is at 
her worst-then he is in love, and his heart will be in no danger of failing him as he passes his fir plantation. Other 
people, and unfortunately by far the greater number of those who get married must be classed among the "other 
people," will inevitably go through a quarter or half an hour of greater or less badness as the case may be. Taking 
numbers into account, I should think more mental suffering had been undergone in the streets leading from St 
George's, Hanover Square, than in the condemned cells of Newgate. There is no time at which what the 
Italians call la figlia della Morte lays her cold hand upon a man more awfully than during the first half hour that he is 
alone with a woman whom he has married but never genuinely loved. Death's daughter did not spare Theobald. He had 
behaved very well hitherto. When Christina had ofered to let him go, he had stuck to his post with a magnanimity on 
which he had plumed himself ever since. From that time forward he had said to himself: "I, at any rate, am the very 
soul of honour; I am not," etc, etc. True, at the moment of magnanimity the actual cash payment, so to speak, was 
still distant; when is father gave formal consent to his marriage things began to look more serious; when the college 
living had fallen vacant and been accepted they looked more serious still; but when Christina actually named the day, 
then Theobald's heart fainted within him. 

The engagement had gone or so long that he had got into a groove, and the prospect of change was disconcerting. 
Christina and he had got on, we thought to himself, very nicely for a great number of years, why--why--why should they 
not continue to go on as they were doing now for the rest of their lives? But there was no more chance of escape for 
him than for the sheep which is being driven to the butcher's back premises, and like the sheep he felt that there was 
nothing to be gained by resistance, so he made none. He behaved, in fact, with decency, and was declared on all hands 
to be one of the happiest men imaginable. Now, however, to change the metaphor, the drop had actually fallen, 
and the poor wretch I was hanging in mid air along with the creature of his affections. This creature was now thirty- 
three years old, and looked if she had been weeping, and her eyes and nose were reddish: if "I have done it and I am 
alive," was written on Mr Allaby's face after he had thrown the shoe, "I have done it, and I do not see how I can 
possibly live much longer" was upon the face of Theobald as he was being driven along by the fir Plantation. This, 
however, was not apparent at the Rectory. All that could be seen there was the bobbing up and down of the postilion's 
head, which just over-topped the hedge by the roadside as he rose in his stirrups, and the black and fellow body of the 
carriage. 

For some time the pair said nothing: what they must have felt during their first half hour the reader must guess, for it 
is beyond my power to tell him at the end of that time, however, Theobald had rummaged up a conclusion from some 
odd comer of his soul to the effect that now he and Christina were married the sooner they fell into their future mutual 
relations the better if people who are in a difficulty will only do the first little reasonable thing which they can clearly 
recognise as reasonable, they will always find the next step more easy both to see and take. What, then, thought Theo 
ald, was here at this moment the first and most obvious matter to be considered, and what would be an equitable view 
of his on Christina's relative positions in respect to it? Clearly their first dinner was their first joint entry into the 
duties and pleasures of married life. No less clearly it was Christine's duty to order it, and his own to eat it and pay for 
it. The arguments leading to this conclusion, and the conclusion itself, flashed upon The bald about tree and a half 
miles after he had left Crampsford on the road to Newmarket. He had breakfasted early, but his usual appetite had 
failed dim. They had left the vicarage at noon without staying for the wedding breakfast. Theobald liked an 
early dinner; it damed upon him that he was beginning to be hungry; from this to the conclusion stated in the 
preceding paragraph the steps had been easy. After a few minutes' further reflection he broached the matter to his 
bride, and thus the ice was broken. 

Mrs Theobald was not prepared for so sudden an assumption of importance. Her nerves, never of the strongest had 
been stug to their highest tension by the event of the morning. She wanted to escape observation; she was conscious 
of looking a little older than she quite liked to look as a bride who had been married that morning; she feared the 
landlady, the chamber-maid, the water-- everybody and everything her heart beat so fast that she could 
hardly speak, much less go through the ordeal of ordering dinner in a strange hotel with a strange landlady. She