cresistance Theobald would not have ventured to swagger with her but she was not a Barbary hen, she was only a 
common hen and that too with rather a smaller share of personal bravery than hens generally 
have. _ _ Battersby-On-The-Hill was the name of the village of which Theobald was now Rector. It contained 400 or 
500 inhabitants, scattered over a rather large area, and consisting entirely of farmers and agricultural labourers. The 
Rectory was commodious, and placed on the brow of a hil which gave it a delightful prospect. There was a 
fair sprinkling of neighbours with in visiting range, but with one or two exceptions they were the clergymen and 
clergymen's families of the surrounding villages. 

By these the Pontifexes were welcomed as great acquisitions to the neighbourhood. Mr Pontifex, they said was so 
clever he had been senior classic and senior wrangler; a perfect genius in fact, and 
yet with so much sound practical common sense as well. As son of such a distinguished man as the great Mr Pontifex 
the publisher he would come into a large property by-and by. Was there not an elder brother? Yes, but there would be 
so much that Theobald would probably get something very considerable. Of course they would give 
dinner parties. And Mrs Pontifex, what a charming woman she was she was certainly not exactly prey perhaps, but 
then she had such a sweet smile and her marr was so bright and wiming. She was so devoted too to her husband and 
her husband to her they really did come up to one's ideas of what lovers used to be in days of old, it was rare to meet 
with such a pair in these degenerate times; it was quite beautiful, etc., etc. Such were the comments of the 
neighbours on the new arrivals. 

As for Theobald's own parishioners, the farmers were civil and the
labourers and their wives obseqious. There was a little dissent, the legacy of a careless predecessor, but as Mrs 
Theobald said proudly, "I think Theobald may be trusted to deal with THAT." The church was then an interesting 
specimen of late Norman, with some early English additions. It was what in these days would be called in a very bad 
state of repair, but forty or fifty years ago few churches were in good repair. If there is one feature more 
characteristic of the present generation than another it is that it has been a great restore of churches. 

Horace preached durch restoration in his ode:- 
Delicta majorum immerius lues, Romane, donec templa refeceris Aedesque labentes deorum et Foeda nigro simulacra 
fumo. Nothing went right with Rome for long together after the Augustan age, but whether it was because she did 
restore the temples or because she did not restore them I now not. They certainly went all wrong after Constantine's 
time and yet Rome is still a cry of some importance. 

I may sky here that before Theobald had been many years at Battersby he found scope for use fill work in the rebuilding 
of Battersby church, which he carried out at considerable cost, towards which he subscribed liberally himself. He was 
his own architect, and this sayed expense; but architecture was not very well understood about the year 1834, when 
Theobald commented operations, and the result is not as satisfactory as it would have been if he had waited a few 
years longer. 

Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of 
himself and the more he tries to conceal himself the more clearly all his character appear in spite of him. I may very 
likely be condemning myself, all the time that I am writing this book for I know that whether I like it or no I am 
portraying myself more surely than I am portraying any of the characters whom I set before the reader. I am 
sorry that it is so, but I cannot help it--after which sop to Nemesis I will say that Battersby church in its amended form 
has always struck me as a better portrait of Theabald than any sculptor or panter short of a great master would be 
able to produce. I remember staying with Theobald some six or seven months after he was married, and while the old 
church was still standing. I went to church, and felt as Naamnan must have felt on certain occasions when he had to 
accompany his master on his return after having been cured of his leprosy. I love carried away a more vivid 
recollection of this and of the people, than of Theobald's sermon. Even now I can see the men in blue smock frocks 
reaching to their heels, and more than one old woman in a scarlet d'oak; the tow of stolid, dull, vacant plough-boys, 
ungainly in build, uncomely in face, lifeless, apathetic, a race a good deal more like the pre-revolution French 
peasant as described by Carlyle than I pleasant to reflect upon a-race now supplanted by a smarter, comelier and 
more hopeful generation, which has discovered that it too has a right to as much 
happiness as it can get, and with clearer ideas about the best means of getting it.