leadensky and snow-clad tombstones. Somehow or other find the strain which Handel Has wedded to the 
words. There the ploughman near at hand," has got into my head and there is no getting it out again How 
marvellously old Handel understood these people!
 
They bob to Theobald as they passed the reading desk ("The people hereabouts are truly respectful," whispered 
Christna to me, "they know their betters."), and take their seats in a long row against the wall. The choir clamber up 
into the gallery with their instruments- a violoncello, a clarinet and a trombone. I see then and soon I hear then, for 
there is a hymn before the service, a wild strain, a remnant, if I mistake not, of some pre-Reformation litary. 
I have heard what believe was its remote musical progenitor in the church of SS. Giovanni e Paolo at Venice not five 
years since; and again I have heard it far away in mid-Atlantic upon a grey sea- 
Sabbath in June, when neither winds nor waves are stirring, so that the emigrants gather on deck, and their plaintive 
psalm goes forth upon the silver haze of the sky, and on the wilderness of a sea that has sighed till it can sigh no 
longer. Or it may be heard at some Methodist Camp Meeting upon ą Welsh hillside, but in the churches it 
is gone for ever. If it were a musician I would take it as the subject for the adagio in a Wesleyan symphony. 

Gone How are the clarinet, trde violoncello and the trombone, wild minstrelsy as of the doleful creatures in Ezekiel, 
discordant, but infinitely pathetic. Gone is that searebabestentor, that bellowing bull of Bashan the village blacksmith, 
gone is the melodicus carpenter, gone the brawny shepherd with the red hair, who roared more lustily than all until 
they came to the words, "Shepherds with your flocks abidig," where modesty covered him with confusion, and 
compelled him to be silent, as through his own health-were bergantuk.They were doomed and had a presentiment of 
evil, even when first I saw them, but they had still a little lease of choir life remaining, and they roared out 

[wicked hands hate pierced and nailed him, pierced and nailed him to a tree.] 

but no description can give a proper idea of the effect. When I was last in Battersby church there was a harm onium 
played by a sweet- looking girl with a choir of school children around her, and they charted the canticles to the most 
correct of charts, and they sang Hymns Ancient and Modern, the high pews were gone, ray, the very gallery in which 
the old choir had stng was removed as an accursed thing which might remind the people of the high places, and 
Theobald was old, and Christina was lying under the yew trees in the churchyard. 

But in the evening later on I saw three very old men come chuckling out of a dissenting chapel, and surely enough they 
were my old friends the blacksmith, the Carpenter and the shepherd. There was a took of content upon their faces which 
made me feel certain they had been singing, not doubtless with the ad glory of the violoncello, the clarinet and 
the trombone, but still songs of S'ion and no new fangled papistry. _

_The hymn had engaged my attention when it was over I had time to take stock of the congregation. They were chiefly 
farmers-fat, very well-to-do folk, who had come some of them with their wives and children from outlying farms two 
and one miles away, haters of popery am of anyting which any one might choose to say was popish, good, sensible 
fellows who detested theory of any kind, whose ideal was the maintenance of the status quo with perhaps a loving 
reminiscence of old war times, and a sense of wrong that the weather was not more completely under their control, who 
desired higher prices and cheaper wages, but otherwise were most contented when things were changing least, 
tolerators, if not lovers, of all that was familiar, haters of all that was unfamiar; they would have been equally 
horrified at hearing the Christian religion doubted, and at seeing it practised. 

"What can there be in common between Theobald and his parishioners?" said Christina to me, in the course of the 
evening, when her husband was for a few moments absent. "Of course one must not complain, but I assure you it 
grieves me to see a man of Tileobald's ability thrown away upon such a place as this. If we had only been at Gaysbury, 
where there are the A's, the B's, the C's, and Lord D's place, as you brow, quite dose, I should not then have felt that 
we were living in such a desert, but I suppose it for the best," she added more cheerfully; "and then of course the 
Bishop wit come to us whenever he is in the neighbourhood, and if we were af Gaysbury he might have gone to Lord 
D's." Perhaps I hate now said enough to indicate the kind of place in which Theobalds lines were cast, and the sort of 
woman he had married. As for his own habits, I see him trudging through muddy lanes and over long sweeps plover- 
haunted pastures to visit a dying cottager's wife. He takes her weat and wine from his own table, and that not a little 
only but liberally. According to his lights also, he administers what he is pleased to call spiritual consolation.
 
"I am afraid I'm going to Hell, Sir," says the sick woman with a whine. "Oh, Sir, save me, save me, don't let me go 
there. I couldn't stand it, Sir, should die with fear, the very thought of it drives me into a cold sweat all over."T