When I was a small boy at the beginning of the century I remember an old man who word knee-breeches and worsted 
stocking, and who used to hobble about the street of our village with the help of a stick. He must had been getting on 
for eighty in the year 1807, earlier than which date I suppose I can hardly remember him, for I was born in 1802. A few 
white locks hung about his ears, his shoulders were bent and his knees feeble, but he was still hale, and was much 
respected in our little world of Paleham. His name was Pontifex. 

His wife was said to be his master; I have been told she brought him a little money, but it cannot have been much. She 
was a tall, square-shouldered person (I have heard my father call her a Gothic woman) who had insisted on being 
married to Mr Pontifex when he was young and too good-natured to say nay to any woman who wooed him. The pair 
had lived not unhappily together, for Pontifes's temper was easy and he soon learned to bow before his wife's more 
stormy moods. Mr Pontifex was a carpenter by trade; he us also at one time parish clerk, when I remember him, 
however, he had so far risen in life as to be no longer compelled to work with his own hands. In his earlier days he had 
taught himself to draw. I do not say he crew well but it was surprising he should draw as well as he did. My father, 
who took the living of Paleham about the year 1797, became possessed of a good many of did Mr Portfex's drawings, 
which were always of local subjects, and so unaffectedly pain staking that they might have passed for the work of some 
good early master. I remember them as hanging a framed and glazed in the study at the Rectory, and tinted, as all else 
in the room was tinged, with the green reflected from the fringe of ivy leaves that grew around the windows. I wonder 
how they will actually-cease and come to an end as drawings and into what new phases of being they will then enter. 
Not content with being an artist, Mr Pontifex mast needs also be a musician. He built the organ in the church with his 
own hands, and made a smaller one which he kept in his own house. He could play as much as he could draw, not very 
well according to professional standards, but much better than could have been expected myself showed a taste for 
music at an early age, and old Mr Pontifex on finding it opt, as he soon did, became partial to me in consequence.
 
It may be thought that with so many Toms in the fire he could hardly be a very thriving man, but this was not the case. 
His father had been a day labourer, and he had himself begun hfe with no other capital than his good sense and good 
constitution; now, However, there was d goodly show of timber about his yard, and a look of solid comfort over his whole 
establishment. Towards the close of the eighteenth century and not long before my father came to Pale ham, he had taken 
a farm of about ninety acres, thus making a considerable rise in life. Along with the farm there went an old-fashioned 
but comfortable house with a charming garden and anorchard. The carpenter's business was now carried on in one of 
the outhouses that had once been part of some conventual buildings the remains of which could be seen in what was 
called the Abbey Close. The house itself, embosomed in honeysuckles and creeping roses, was an ornament to the whole village, nor where its 
internal arrangements less exemplary than its outside was ornamental Report said that Mrs Pontifex starched 
the sheets for her best bed, and I can well believe it. How well do I remember her parlour half filled with the organ which 
her husband had built, and scented with a withered apple or two from the pyrus japonica that grew outside the house; 
the picture of the prize ox over the chimney-piece which My Pontifex himself had 
painted, the transparency of the man coming to show light to a coach upon a snowy night also by Mr Pontifex, the 
little old man and little old woman who told the weather, the china shepherd and shepherdess, the jars of feathery 
flowering grasses with a peacock's feather or two among them to set them off, and the china bowls full 
of dead rose leaves dried with bay salt. All has long since vanished and become a memory faded but still fragrant to 
myself. 

Nay, but her kitchen--and the glimpses into a cavernous cellar beyond it, where from came gleams from the pale surfaces 
of milk can, or it may be of the arms and face off milkmaid skimming the cream; or again her storerroom, where among