two before she died, but we could never make it as she did. When we were children she used sometimes to send her 
respects to my mother, and ask leave for us to come and take tea-with-her- Right well she used to ply us. As for temper 
we never met such a delightful old lady in our lives; whatever Mr Pontifex may have had to put up with, we had no 
cause for complaint and then Mr Pontifex would play to s upon the organ, and we world stand round him open- 
mouthed and think him the most wonderfully clever man that ever was born, except of course our papa. 

Mrs Pontifex had no sense of humour, at least 1 dan call to mind ng signs of this, but her husband had plenty of fun in 
him, though few would have guessed it from his appearance. I remember my father once sent me down to his workship 
to get some glue, and I happened to come when old Pontifex was in the act of scolding his boy. He 
had got the lad-a pudding-headed fellow-by the ear and was saying, "What Lost again--smothered o' wit." (I believe 
it was the boy who was himself supposed to be a wandering soul, and who was thus addressed as lost) "Now, look here 
my lad, he continued, "some boys are born stupid, and thou art one of them some achieve 
stupidity-that's thee again, Jim-thou wast both born stupid and last greatly increased thy birthright--and some" (and 
here came a climax during witch the boy's head and ear were swayed from side to side) have stupidity thrust upon 
them, which, if it please the Lord, shall not be the case, my lad, for will thrust stupidity from thee, though I have to box 
thine ears in doing so," but I did not see that the old man really did box Jim's ears, or do more than pretend to frighten 
him, for the two understood one another perfectly well. Another time I remember hearing him call the village rat- 
catcher by saying Come hither, thou three-days-and-three-nights thou, allluding, as I afterwards learned, to the rat- 
catcher's periods of intoxication; but I will tell no more of such trifles. My father's face would always brighter when 
old Pontifex's name was mentioned. "I tell you, Edward, 1 he would say to me, "old Pontifex was not only an able man, 
but he was one of tile very ablestmen that ever I knew." 

This was more than I as a young man was prepared to stand. "My dear father," I answered, "what did he do? He could 
draw a little, but could he to save his to have got a picture into the Royal Academy exhibition? He built two organs 
and could play the Minuet in Samson on one and the March in Scipio on the other; he was a good carpenter and a bit of 
a wag he was a good old fellow enough but why make him out so much abler than he was?" 

"My boy "returned my father, "you must not judge by the work, but by the work in connection with the 
surroundings. Could Giotto of Filippo Lippi, think you, have got a picture into the Exhibition? Would a single one of 
those frescoes we went to see then we were at Padua have the remotest chance of being tung if it were sent in 
forexhibition now? Why, the Academy people would be sd outraged that they would not even write to poor Gotto to 
tell him to come and take his fresco away. Phew! continued he, waxing warm, "if old Pontifex had had Cromwell's 
chances he would have done all that Cromwell did, and have done it better; if he had had Giotto's chances he would 
have done all that Chiotto did, and done it no worse as it was, hews-a-village carpenter and I will undertake to say he 
never scamped a job in the whole course of his life." "But, said I, we cannot judge people with so many 'ifs. I fold 
Pontifex had lived in Giotto's time he right have been another Giotto, but he did not live in Giotto's time."
 
"I tell you, Edward," said my father with some severity, we must judge mer not so much by what they do, at by what 
they make us feel that they hate it in them to do. If a man has done enough either in painting, music or the affairs of 
life, to make me feel that I might trust him in an emergency he has done enough. It is not by what a man has actually 
put upon his canvas, nor yet by the acts which h has set down, so to speak, upon the canvas of his life that I will judge 
him, but by what he makes me feel that he felt and aimed at. If he has made me feel that He felt those things to be 
loveable which I hold loveable myself 1 ask no more; his grammar may have been imperfect, but still have understood 
him; he and I are en rapport; and I say again, Edward, that old Pontifex was not only anable man, but one of the very 
ablest men I ever knew. Against this there was no more to be said. And my sisters eyed me to silence. Somehow, or other 
my sisters always did eye me to silence when I differed from my father.