to you! He strained her to his bosom, and held her fast, as if fearful to let her go. "Her image at the last 
embrade, Ah! little thought he 'twas the last!'" Dim twilight crept into the valley. It was time to return home. 
Pierre and Amelie full of join each other, grateful for the happiest day in their lives, hopeful of to-morrow 
and many to- morrous after it, and mercifull blinded to what was really before them, rose from their seat 
under the great spreading elin. They slowly retraced the path through the meadow leading to the bridge, and 
reentered the highway which ran to the city, where Pierre conducted Amelie to me. 

care not who blames me to - day, if you do not, Pierre!" "Who can blame you darling? What you do is ever
wisest and best in my eyes, except one thing, which I will confess now that you are my own, I cannot account 
for--" I had hoped, Pierre, there was no exception to your admiration; you are taking off my angels' wings 
already and leaving me a mere woman!" replied she merrily. "It is a woman I want you to be, darling, a woman 
not fautless, but he man as myself, a wife to hold to me and love me despite my faults, not an angel too bright 
and to perfect to be my oherself" "Dear Pier," said she, presssing his arm, "I will be that woman toyou, full
enough of faults to satisfy you. An angel I am not and cannot be, nor wish to be until we go together to the
spirit-land. I am glad I have a fault for which you can blame me, if it makes you love me better. Indeed I own
to many tut what is that one fault, Pierre, which you cannot account for?" "That you should have taker a rough
solider like me, Amelie! That one so fair and perfect in all the grades of womanhood, with the world to choose 
from, should have permitted Pierre Philibert to win her loving heart of hearts." Amelie looked at him with a 
fond expression of reproach. "Does that surprise you, Pietre? You rough soldier, you little know, and I will not 
tell you the way to a woman's heart; but for one blindfolded by so much difference to his own merit, you have
found the way very easily! Was it for loving you that you blamed me? What if I should recall the fault" added 
she, laughing. Pierre raised her hand to his lips kissing devotedly the ring he had place upon her finger. 

"Loves is, I think, the treasure in heaven which must not, and which no thief can steal" Amelie," said he after a 
few  minutes' silence, "some say men's lives are counted not by hour but by the succession of ideas and 
emotions If it be so, I have lived a century of happiness with you this afternoon. I am old in love, Amelie!" 
"Nay, would not save you old in love, Pierre! Love is the perennial youth of the soul. Grand'mer. ST. Pierre, 
who has been fifty years an Ursuline, and has now the visions which are promised to the old in the latter days,
tells me that in heaven those who love God and one another grow ever more youthful; older the more 
beautiful! It is not that better than the philosopher teach, Pierre?" He drew her closer, and Amelie permitted him 
to impress a kiss on each eyelid was she closed it; suddenly she started up. "Pierre," said she, "you said you were 
a soldier and so practical. I el shame to myself for being so imaginative and, so silly. I too would practical 
if I knew how. This was to be a day of business with us, was it not, Pierre?" And is it not a day of business, 
Amelie?" Or are we spending it like holiday children, wholly on pleasure? But after all, love is the business of 
life, and life is the business of eternity, -we are transacting it to-day, Amelie I never was so seriously engaged 
as at this moment, nor you whither, darling; tell the truth!" Amelie pressed her hands in his. "Never, Pierre, and
yet I cannot see the old brown woods of Belmont rising under upon the slopes of St. Fole without remembering 
my promise, not two hours old, to talk with you to-day about the dear old mansion." "That is to be the nest of as 
happy pair of lovers as we went to housekeeping; and I promise to keep soberly by your side as I am 
doing," said he, mischievously twitching a stry lock of her dark hair, "and talk with you on the pretty banks of 
the La ret about the old mansion."

	care not who blames me to- dry, if you do not, Pierre!" "Who can blame you, darling?" What you do is ever 
	wisdst and best in my eyes except of thing, which I will confess now that you are my own, I cannot account 
	for--" "I had my hoped, Pierre, there was no exception to your admiration; you are taking off my angels' wings 
	already, and leaving me a mere woman!" replied she merrily. "It is a woman I want you to be, darling, a woman 
	not faultless, but human as myself, a wife to hold to me and lovo me despite my faults not an angel too bright 
	and too perfect to be other self." "Dear Pierre," said she, pressing his arm, "I will be that woman to you, full
	enough of faults to satisfy you. An Angel I am not and cannot be, nor wish to be until we go together to the 
	spirit-land. I am so glad I have a fault for which you can blame me, if it makes you love me better. Indeed I own 
	to many tut what is that one fault, Pierre, which you cannot account for? "That you should have taker a rough 
	solider like me, Amelie! Tha one so fair and perfect in all the graces of womanhood with the world to choose 
	from, should have permitted Pierre Philibert to win her loving heart of hearts." Amelie looked at him with a