tell you, the way to woman's heart; but for one blindfolded by so much difference to his own merits you have
found the way very easily! Was it for leaving you that you blamed me? What if I should recall the fault?" added
she, laughing. Pierre raised her hand to his lips, kissing devsotedly the ring he had placed upon her finger.

The storm of the great Janserust controversy, which rent the Church of France from top to bottom, had not 
spared the Colony, where it had early caused trouble; for that controversy grew and of the Gallican liberties of
the national Church and the right of national participation in its administrations and appointments. The jesuits
ever fiercely contested these liberties, they boldly sit the tiara above she crown, and strove to subordinate all
opinion of faith, morals, education, and ecclesiastical government to the infalible judgment of the Pope alone

THE MARKET-PLACE ON ST. MARTINS DAY. The market-place then as more occupied the open square lying
between the great Cathedral of Ste. Marie and the College of the Jesuits. The latter, a vast edifice, occupied one
side of the square. Through it wide portal a glimpse was had of the gardens and braoad avenue of ancient
trees, sacred to the meditation and quiet exercises of the reperend fathers, who walked about in pairs according
to the rule of their order, which rarely permitted them to go singly. The market-place itself was lively this 
morning with the number of arts and stalls ranged on eiher side of the bright little rivulet which run under the 
old elms that intersected the square, the tress affording shade and the rivulet drink for man and beast. A 
bustling loquacious crowd of habitants and citizens, wives and mad-servants were buying, selling exchanging 
compliments, or complaining of hard times. The Marketplace was full, and all were glad to the termination of 
the terrible war, and hopeful of the happy effect  of peace in bringing plenty back again to the old market. The 
people bustled up and down, testing their weak purses against their strong desires to fill heir basket with the 
ripe autumnal fruit and the products of field an garden river and basse cour, which lay temptingly exposed in 
the little carts of the marketmen and women who on every side extolled the quality and a cheapness of their 
wares. There were apples from the Cott de Beaupre, small in size but impregnated with he flavor of honey; 
pears frown in the old orchards about Ange Gardien, and grapes worthy of Eacchus, from the Isle of Orleans,
with baskets of the delicious bilberries that cover the wild hills of the north shore from the first wane of summer
until late in the autumn. The drain of the war had starved out the butchers' stalls, but Indians and hunters took 
their places for the once with an abundance of game of all kinds, which had multiplied exceedingly during the 
years that men had taken to killing Bostonnais and English instead of deer and wild turkeys, Fist was in 
especial abundance; the blessing of the old Jesuits still rested on the waters of New France, and the fist 
swarmed metaphorically with money on their mouths.

to you!" He strained her to his bosom, and felt her fast, as if fearful to let her go. "Her image at the last 
embrace. Ah! little thought he 'twas the last!" Dim twilight crept into the valley. It was time to return home. 
Pierre and Amelie, full of joy in each other, grateful for the happiest day in their lives, hopful of to-morrow 
and many to- morrows after it, and mercifully binded to what was really before them, raise from their seat 
under a great spreading elm. They slowly retracted the path through the meadow leading to the bridge, and
reentered the highway which ran to the city, where Pierre conducted Amelie home.

	No one village would be likely to contain a great number of in inhabitants. Calculation based on the area of one 
	of the largest settlements in Lake Geneva, gives as a result a population of thirteen hundred, but manifestly 
	nothing definite is known. This brief description gives us and idea of a method of constructing villages which, as
	we shall soon see extended all over Europe, though varied somewhat in detail. The condition of the remains
	indicate that these settlements were often destroyed by fire. At such times quantities of arms, implements, and
	household industries would have been lost in the water and so preserved for ou inspection. This mode of
	building found such favor among the early inhabitants of Europe that  it continued in use through the Neolithic
	Age, that of Bronze, and even into the age of Iron. Passages here and there in ancient histories evidently refer
	to them. Though they have long since passed away in Switzerland, the Spaniards found them in Mexico, and
	they are still to be seen in some of the isles of the Pacific. Remembering this, we need not be surprised if we find
	in one small lake settlements belonging to widely different ages. Here one of the Stone Age, there one of the
	Bronze, o even a confused mingling of what seem to be several ages in on settlement. -9- There is scarcely a
	country in Europe that does not contain examples of lake villages. From their wide distribution we infer that a
	common race spread over the land. We will now mention some differences in construction discovered at some