foundation. They sometimes packed quantities of stone around the piles to serve as supports in a manner as here 
indicated. "In all probability the stones used were conveyed to the required spot be means of canoes, made of

There were piles of speckled thoutfit to be eaten by popes and kings, taken in the little pure lakes and streams
tributary to the Montmorency lordly salmon that swarmed in the tidal weirs along the shores of the St.
Lawrence, and huge eels, thick as the arm of the fisher who drew them up from their rich river beds. There were
sacks of meal ground in the banal mills of the seigniories for the people's bread, but the old tinettes of yellow
butter, the pride of the good wives of Brauport and Lauzon, were rarely to be seen, and commanded unheard-of
prices. The hungry children who used to eat tartnes of bread buttered on both sides were now accustomed to
the cry of their frugal mother as she spread it him as if it we gold-leaf: "Mes enfants, take care of the butter!"
The Commissaries of the army, in other words the agents of the Grand Company, had swept the settlements for
and near of their herds, and the habitants soon discovered that the exposure for sale in the market of the
product of the dairy was speedily followed by a visit from the purveyors of the army, and the seizure of their
remaining cattle. Roots and other esculents of field and garden were more plentiful in the market, among which
might have been seen the newly introduced potato, --a vegetable long despised in New France, then endured,
and now beginning to be liked and widely cultivated as a prime article of sustenance. At the upper anglue of the
square stood a lofty cross or Holy Road, overtopping the low roofs of the shop and booths in its neighborhood.
About the foot of the cross was platform of timber raised a few feet from the ground, giving a commending
view of the whole market-place. A crowd of habitans were gathered round this platform listening, some with
exclamations of approval, not unmingled on the part of others with sounds of dissent, to the fervent address of
one of the Jesuit Fathers from the college, who with crucifix in han was preaching to the people upon the vices
and backslidings of the times. Father Clapion, the Superior of the order in New France, a grave, saturnine man,
and several other fathers in close black cassocks and square caps, stood behind the preacher, watching with
keen eyes the faces of the auditory as if to discover who where for and who were against the sentiment and 
opinion promulgated by the preacher.

So, had it been a disputed point whether man was a denizen of this planet at the time when the area in question
was covered by water, it would have been settled beyond a doubt by these relics of his industry, even though
portions of the human from itself were entirely wanting. And, in reality, proofs of this natures are just as
satisfactory as it would be to discover human bones. If, on a desert island, we find arrow-heads, javelins, a
place were there had been a fire, split bones, and other -i-debris--- of a feast; we are as much justified in
asserting that man had been there, as we would be had we seen hum with our own eyes. In the same manner, if
we detect in any strata of the past any undoubted products of human industry such as weapons, or implements
and ornaments in such position that we know they could not have been deposited there since the formation of
the bed itself, we have no hesitancy in asserting that man himself is of the same antiquity as the strata
containing the implements. In the great majority of cases, this is the only kind of evidence possible to advance.
It is now well known that the first stage in the culture of any people, is what is called the Stone Age. That is to
say, their weapons and implements were made from stone, or at least the majority of there were. We will discuss
on another page this point, and also the grounds leading us to infer that many of the extremely rude forms are
really the work of man. Let us now return to the Miocene Age, in which we are to seek for the presence of man.
In 1867, a French geologist, by the name of bourgeois, who had been searching some bed of the Miocene Age
near Thenay, France, found a number of flints of such a peculiar shape, that the concluded they could only be
explained by supposing that man formed them. In this case there is no question as to the age of the stratum
containing the flint. All geologists are agreed that it is of the Miocene Age. The question then is, whether the
flints were artificially cut or not. On this question there has been a great dividsion of opinion, and we can not do
better than to examine and see where the Principal scientific men stand on this point. In 1872, a th scientific
congress in Brussels, this question was referred to a committee composed of the most competent men from the
different countries of Europe. We are sorry to say that, after a thorough consideration of them, the judges were
unable to agree. Some accepted them, others rejected them, and still others were undecided. Some of the latter 
have since become convinced by recent discoveries.

	hey sauntered ontowards a turn of the stream where a little pool lay embayed like a smooth mirror reflecting
	the grassy bank. Amelie sat down under a tree while Pierre crossed over the brook to gather on the opposite.