are Flora's heiress, with right to enter into possesion of her whole kingdom! "The water-lilies, Pierre, those 
and those, and those; they are o deck the shrine of Notre Dame des Victoires. Aunt has a vow there, and to- 
morrow it must be paid; I too? He looked up at her with eyes of admiration. "A vow! Let me share in its
payment, Amelie," said he. "You may, but you shall not ask me what  it is. There now, do not wet yourself
further! You have gathered more lilies than we can carry home." "But I have my own thank-offering to make to
Notre Dame des Victoires, for I think I  love  God even better for you sake, Amelie." "Fie Pierre, say not that
and yet I know what you mean. I ought to reprove your, but for your penance you shall gather more lilies, for I
fear you need many prayers and offerings to expiste,-- "she hesitated to finish the sentence. "My idolatry,
Amelie," said he, completing her meaning. "I doubt it is little better Pierre, if you love men as you say. But you
shall join in my offering, and that will do for both. Please pull that one bunch of lilies and no more, or Our Lady
of Victory will judge you harder than I do." Pierre stepped from sotne to stone over the gentle brook, gathering
the golden lilies, while Amelie clasped her hands and silently thanked God for his happy hour of her life. She
hardly dared trust herself to look at Pierre except by furtine glances of pride and a affection; but as his form and
features were reflected in a shadow of manly beauty in the still pool she withdrew not her loving gave from his
shadow, and leaning forward towards his image. "A thousand times she kissed him in the brook, Across the
flowers with bashful eyelids down!" Amelie had royally given her love to Pierre Philibert. She had given it
without stint or measure, and with a depth and strength of devotion of which more facile natures know nothing.
Pierre, with his burden of golden lilies, came back over the brook and seated himself beside her; his arm
encircled her, and she held his hand firmly clasped in both of hers.

	The Vatican, in a moment of inconsistency and ingratitude, thurdered at them from the other. They were in the 
	mids of fire, and still their ability and influence over individual consciences, and specially over the female sex,
	prolonged their power for fifteen years longer when Louis SV., driver to the wall by the Jansen its, issued his
	memorable decree declaring the Jesuits to be rebels, trators, and stirrers up of mischief. The King confiscated
	their possessions, proscribed their persons, and banished them from the kngdom as enemies of the State. Padre
	Monti, an dItalian newly arrived in the Colony, was a man very different from the venerable Vimont and the
	Jogues and the lallements who had preached the Evangel to the wild tribes of the forest, and rejoiced when
	they won the crown of martyrdom for themselves. Monti was a bold man in his way, and ready to dare any bold
	deed in the interests of religion, which he could no dissociate from the interests of his order. He stood up, erect
	and commanding, upon the platform under the Holy Rood, while he addressed with very eloquence and Italian
	gesticulation the crowd of people gathered round him. The subject he chose was an existing one. He ennlarged
	upon the coming of Antichrist and upon the new philosophy of the age, the grwuth of Gallicanism in the Colony,
	with its schismatic progeny of Jansenists and Honnetes Gens, to the discouragement of true religion and the
	endangering of immortal souls. His covert allusions and sharp innuendoes were perfectly understood by his
	hearers, and signs of dissertient felling were rife among the crowd. Still, the people continued to listen, on the
	whole  respectfully; for, whatever might be the sentiment of Old France with respect to the Jesuits, they had in
	New France inherited the profound respect of the colonists, and deserved it. A few gentlemen, some in military,
	some in fashionable civil a stire, stroled up towards the crowd, but stood somewhat all of and outside of it. The
	market people pressed closer and closer round the platform, listening with mouths open and eager eyes to the
	sermon, storing it away in their retentive memories, which would reproduce every word of it when they sat
	round the fireside in the coming winger evenings. One or two Recollets stood at a modest distance from the
	crowd, still as statues, with their hands hid in the sleeves of their gray gowns, shaking their heads at the
	arguments, and still more at the invectives of the preacher; for the Recollets were accused, wrongfully perhaps,
	of studying the five propostitions of Port Royal more than be seemed the humble followers of St. Francis to do,
	and they either could not or would not repel the accusation. "Padre Monti deserves the best thank of the
	Intendant for this sermon, remarked the Sieur d'Estebe to Le Mercier, who accompanied him. "And the worst
	thanks of His Excellency the Count! It was bold of the Italian to beard the Governor in that manner! But La
	Galisoniere is too great a philosopher to mind a priest" was the half-scoffing reply of Le Mercier. "Is he? I do
	not think so, Le Mercier. I hate them myself, but egad! I am not philosopher enough to let them know it. One
	many do so in Paris, but not in New France. Besides, the Jesuit are just now or fast friends, and it does not do
	to quarrel with your supporters." "True, D'Estebe! We get no help from the Recollets. Look youndeer at Brothers
	Amborse and Daniel! They would llike to tie Padre monti neck and heels with the cords of St. Francis, and bind