him over to keep the peace towards Port Royal; at the grey gowns are afraid of the black robes. Padre Monti 
knew they would not catch the ball when he threw it. The Recollets are all afraid to hurt it back?

-32- The history of the investigation of the ancient grave beds of the Somme is briefly this: More than one 
instance had been noted of the finding flint implements, apparently the work of men, association with 
bones of various animals, such as hyenas, mammoths, mask-sheep, andd others, which, as have just seen, 
lived in Europe during the Glacial Age. In a number of cases such finds had been made in caves. But for a long
time no one attributed any special value to these discoveries, and various woke the explanations given to 
 
The Bishop and clergy of New France had labored hard to prevent the introduction of that mischievous 
controversy into the Colony, and had for the most part succeeded in reserving their flocks if not themselves, 
from its malign influence. The growing agitation in France, however, made it more difficult to keep down 
troublesome spirits in the Colony, and the ideas got abroad, not without some foundation that the Society of
Jesus had secret commercial relations with the Friponne. This report fanned the smouldering fires of Jansenism 
into a fame visible enough and threatening enough to the peace of the Church. The failure and bankruptcy of 
Father Vallette's enormous speculation in the West Indies had filled France with bad debts and protested 
obligations which the Society of Jesus repudiated but which the Parliament of Paris ordered them to pay. The 
excitement was intense all over the Kingdom and the Colonies. On the part of the order became a fight for 
existence. They were envied their wealth, and feared for their ability and heir power. The secular clergy 
were to the most against them. The Parliament of Paris, in violent decree, had declared the Jesuits to 
have no legal standing in France. Voltaire and his followers, a growing host, thundered at them from the one 
side. 

-45- Sincce this discovery, similar specimens have been described as having been found in Portugal, and from 
another locality in France. Some men of the highest authority accept these flints as proving the presence of man 
in Miocenes times. This is supported by such men as Quatrefages, Hamy, Mortillet, and Capellini. -46 - These are 
all known to be competent and careful gologists. Another class does not think the evidence strong enough to 
declare these flints human origin, and so do not think it proved that man lived in Europe in Miocene times, 
but do believe that we will eventually findd proofs of his a existence during that era in the warm and topical 
regions of the globe. This is the view of such men as Lubbock, Evans, Huxley and Winckell. Still others say 
that, during the vast lapse of years since Miocene times, all the species of land mammals then alive have
perished-47- their place being taken by other species and therefore it is incredible that man, the most highly 
specialized of all animals, should have survived. And hence, if these Thenay flints are really artificial in their 
origin, it is more reasonable to suppose they were cut by one of the higher apest then living in France than by 

stalagmite. Here were found implements of a far higher type: those flints, consisting of flakes, sawl, and 
scrapers with finely chipped heads and arrow-heads, and awls and arrow-heads of bond and antler. -12- Now 
these results can on be interpreted as were those in the English caverns. The lower and ruder implements 
belong to the men of the Drift the later and more polished ones to the Cave-men. Bone Implements Dordogne 
Caves. -Most of the relics obtained from these caverns belong to the Cave-men proper. However, the 
implements from one of them, known as Le Moustier, are of a rude type, and may belong to those of the Drift. 
But most of them a of superior make and finish. These specimens are all from caves in this vicinity.
 
	-13- We have seen that the men of the Drift were very widely scattered over the earth. We find, however, that the 
	Cave-men had a much more limited range. D. Fraas has shown their presence in Germany. At Schussenreid, in 
	Bavaria, was found an open air station of these people. It was evidently a camping-ground, one of the few 
	placew where proofs of the presence have been discovered outside of caves. Here we fond the usual -i-debris,-
	-i- consisting of broken bones, charcoal, blackened hearth-stone, and implements of flint and horn. We must 
	stop a minute to notice a bit of unexpected proof as to the severity of climate then preveiling in Europe. This 
	deposit was covered up to the sand, and on this sand were the remains of miss sufficiently perfect to determine 
	the kind. We are assured that it is composed of species now found only in Alpine regions, near or above the 
	snow-line, and in such northern countries as Greenland and Sputzbergen.-14- Dr. Fraas also proved their 
	presence in several caves in Suabia. One known as the Hohlefels Cave was very rich in these relics. They have 
	been found in Switzerland as at Thayengen; we are not found south of the Alps or the Pyrenees. Men, indeed,