points out that this range corresponds very nearly to that of the northern group of animals, thus differing widely
from the men of the River Drift. In this connection we must notice that the reindeer is the animal whose remains 
are most commonly met with the debris they have left in the cave. This animal surely testifies to cold 
climate. We are thus justified in concluding that the Cave-men are associated with the Arctic group of animals.

He says on this point: "It is, I think, more than probable that the advent of the Glacial Period found man 
already in possession of Europe."-65- In our own country, Prof. Patuell says: "It is now an established a fact that 
man was widely scattered over the earth at least as early as the beginning of the Quaternary period, and 
perhaps in Pliocene times. "'-66- This completes our investigation of the men of the Rive Drift. We see how, by
researches of careful scholars, our knowledge of the past has been enlarged. Though there are many points 
which are as yet hidden in darkness, we are enabled to form quite a clear mental picture of this early race. Out 
of the darkness which still enshrouds the continent of Asid we see these bands savages wandering forth; some 
to Europe, Africa, and the west; others to America and the east. This was at a time when slowly falling 
temperature but dimly prophesied a reign of arctic cold, still far in the future. This race does not seen to have 
had much capacity for advancement, since ages came and went leaving him in the same low state. During the 
climax of glacial cold he doubtless sought the southern coasts of Europe along with the temperate species of 
animals. But whenever the climatic conditions were such that these animals could find subsistence as far north 
as England he accompanied them there and so his remains are found constantly associated with theirs 
throughout Europe. Though doubtless very low at the scale, and at the very foot of the ladder of human 
progress, we are acquainted with no facts connecting them with the higher orders of animals. If such exists, we 
must research for them further back in geological time. The men of the River Drift were distinctively human 
beings, and as such possessed those qualities which, developing throughout the countless ages that have 
elapsed, have advanced man to his present high position. The majority of the Pliocene animals disappeared 
from Europe at the close of the period in question. This includes such animals as the mastodon, hipperion, and 
many kinds of deer-Geike's "Prehistoric Europe" p. 334-. The following survived into the Glacial 
Age, an some even into Inter-glacial periods: African hippopotamus -still living-, saber-toothed lion, bear of
Auvergre, big-nose rhinoceros, Etrusian rhinoceros, Sedgwick's deer, deer of Polignac Southern elephant. - 
"Prehistoric Europe," p. 95.- 

Cadet spoke for some minutes after the departure of the dame. They listened to her footsteps as the sound of 
them did away in the distant rooms, where one door opened after another as she passed on the secret
chamber, thought Bigot, as his imagination followed Dane Tremblay on 

Angelique sat upright, gazing boldly to the eye of her visitor. "Yes, it was that and more than that I 
summoned you for. Can you not guess? You are wise, La Corriveau you know a woman's desire better than she 
dare avow it to herself ?" "Ah" replied La Corriveau, returning her scrutiny with the eyes of a basilisk; a green 
light flushed out of their dark depths. "You have a lover, and you have a load, too! A woman more potent than
yourself in spite of our beauty and your fascinations, has caught the eye and entangled the affection of the 
man you love, and you ask my counsel how to win him back and how to triumph over your rival. Is it not for that 
you have summoned La Corriveau?", "Yes, it is that, and still more than that" replied Angelique, clunching her 
hands hard together, and gazing earnestly at the fire with a look of merciless triumph at what she saw there 
reflected from her own thoughts distinctly as if she looked at her on a face in a mirror. "It is all that and still 
more than that, --cannot you guess yet why I had summoned you here?" continued Angelique, rising and laying 
her left hand firmly upon the shoulder of La Corriveau, at she bent her head and whispered with terrible 
distinctness in her ear. La Coriveau heard her whisper and looked up eagerly. "Yes, I know now, 
Mademoiselle,--you would kill your rival! There is death in your eye, in your voice, in your heart, but not in 
your hand! You would kill the woman who robs you of your lover, and you have sent for La Corriveau to help 
you in the good work! It is a good work in the eyes of a woman to kill her rival! but why should I do that 
to please you? What do I care for your lover, Angelique des Meloises?"

	her errand. "She is now speaking to her. I know Caroline will make delay to admit us." Cadet on his side was 
	very quiet and careless of aught save to take the girl and get her safely away before day break. A few moments of
	heavy silence and expectation passed over there then. The hawl of a distant watch-dog we heard, and all was again