still. The low, monotonous ticking of the great clock at the head of the gallery made the silence still more 
oppressive. It seemed to be me measuring off eternity nor time. 

ORDER IN WHITH DIFFERENI MATERIALS WERE USED FOR WEAPONS AND IMPLEMENTS
BY 
PRIMITIVE MAN. Age of Stone. Rough, or Old Stone Age Paleolithic Polished, or New Stone Age Neolithic 
Age of Metals. Bronze Age. Iron Age. In this outline the words Paleolithic and Neolithic are the scientific terms 
for the two divisions of the Sonte Aged, and will be so used in these pages. The only races of men that we could
expect to find in Europe during the Glacial Age would be Paleolithic tribes, and it is equally manifest that we 
must find traces of them in bes of this age, or in association with animals that are characteristic of this age, or 
else we can not assert the existence of man at this time. The valley the river Somme, in Northern France, has 
become classical ground to the student of Archaeology, since it was there that such investigations as we have 
just mentioned were first and most abundantly made. It is now well known that the surface features of a country 
that is, its hills and dales, its aplands and low lands are not mainly due to the erosive power of running water. Our 
rivers have dug for themselves broad valleys, undermined and carried away hills, and in general carved the 
surface of a country until the present appearance is the result. It must be confessed that then we perceive the 
slow apparent change from year to year and from that attempt to estimate the time required to produce the 
effects we see before us, we are apt to shrink from the lapse of time demanded for its accomplishment. 

Let us forget that "Time is long," that causes, however trifting, work stupendous results in the course of 
ages. Picture of Paleolithic Flints. -But a river which is thus digging down is channel in one place, deposits 
the materials so dug away at other and lower levels, as beds of sand and gravel. In the curse of time, as the 
river gradually lowers its channel, it will leave behind, at varying heights along its banks, scattered patches of 
such beds. Wherever we find them, no matter how far removed, or how high above the present river, we are sure 
that at some time the river flowed at that height; and standing there, we may try and imagine how different the 
country must have looked before the present deep valley was eroded. In the case of the river Somme, we have a 
wide and deep valley, a large part of which has been excavated in chalk rock, through which the river now 
winds its way in a sinuous course to the English Channel. Yet we feel sure that at sometime in the past it was a 
mighty stream, and that its waters surged along over a bed at least two hundred feet higher than now. In proof 
of this fact we still find, at different places along the chalky buluff, setrches of old gravel tanks, laid down there 
by the river, "reaching sometimes as high as two hundred feet above the present water level, although their 
usual elevation does not exceed forty feet." 

Devil, and makes the sickness settle like a fog upon the wigwams of the red man. They say she can make 
palefaces die by looting at them! But Indians are too hard to kill with a look! Fire-water and gun and 
tomahawk, and fever in the wigwams, only make the Indians die". "Good that something can make you die, for 
your ill manners! look at my stocking!" replied Fanchon, with warmth. "If I tell La Corriveau what you say of 
her there will be trouble in yor wigwam, Pierre Ceinture!" "Do not do that, Ania!" replied the Indian, crossing 
himself earnestly; "do not tell La Corriveau, or she will make an image of war and call Pierre Cienture, and
she will melt it away before a slow fire and as it melts my flesh and bones will melt away, too! Do not tell her, 
Fanchon Dodier!" The Indian had picked up the piece of superstition from the white habitans, and, like them 
thorougly believed in the supernatural powers of La Corriveau. "Well,leave me! get back to the city, and tell 
Mademoiselle I arrived safe at St. Valier," replied Fanchon, turning to leave them. The Indians were somewhat 
taken down by the airs of Fachon, and they stood in awe of the far-reaching power of her aunt, from the spell 
of whose witchcraft they firmly believed no hiding-place, even in the deepest woods, could protect them. Merely 
nodding a farewell to Fanchon, the Indians silently pushed their canoe into the stream, and embarking, 
returned to the city by the way they came. A fine breesy upland lay before Fanshon Dodier.
 
	Difficulties of the subject Lesson to be learned The pursuit of knowledge Recent Advances Prehistoric past of 
	the Old World of the New Mexico and the South The Isles the Pacific Similar nature of the relics The 
	wonders of the present age History popular opinion on this subject The teachings of the Bible nature of the 
	evidence of man's antiquity Geology Astronomy Unfolding of life Nature of our inquiry. Who can read the book 
	of the past? Who can tell us the story of Creation's mom? It is, not written in history, neither does it live in