any geologist of note. Some consider it quite possible that the bowlder clays of Southern England and Central 
Germany were deposited during a period of submergence from melting icebergs. Dawkin's "Early Man in 
Britain." 

We have been delving, among the sand of ancient river bottoms for a proof of man's existence in far remote 
times. Slight and satisfactory as the may be some, they are the materials with which we reconstruct a 
wondrows story of life and times removed from us by many a cycle of years. Men have frequently resorted to the 
caverns of the earth for protection. In places we find caves that served this purpose during the Paleolithic Age
 
These result are not borne out by later investigations. The instance mentioned most prominently, that of the 
burial cave at Aurignac, France, has been shown to have to bearing on the question, as every thing indicates 
that the burials were of a much later date. We have yet a most important question before us one that is still 
engaging the attention of scientific men in Europe. That is the question of rade. Who were these early tribes? 
Are they in any way connected with the men of the Drift? Have we any representations of them now living upon 
the earth? On these questions here is quite a diversity of opinion. In various caves in France and Belgium, 
skulls and other bones of the human skeleton had been found. These have bee studied with care by the best 
scholars in Europe, and B. Carfares has set forth the result in his various works, in which he connects them, 
not only with the men of the River Drift, but with the race of men that inhabited Europe during the succeeding 
Neolithic Age, and indeed, with men now living in France and Belgium. There is no question as to the 
correctness of these inferences the only one is, whether the skulls and fragmentary skeletons are really remains 
of the Cave-men. Thus must be made perfectly clear and unquestioned before we are accept them. Mr. 
Darkens reviews tehe various cases where skeletons have found in caves.-38- He points out that, in every 
instance very serious doubts on be raised as to whether they are really remains of the Cave-men or not. Until 
these objections are met, we do not see how the opinion of B. Carfares -above- can be accepted. But if these 
instances are not accepted, they, in all other instances where there is no doubt, the remains are in such a 
fragmentary condition that no conclusion can be made from them. So as far as remains of the human skeleton 
are concerned, we in form no conclusions as to the race to which the Cave-men belonged. We have already 
noted that the Cave-men came into Europe much later than the men of the Drift, and that their range was very 
limited, corresponding, in fact with that of the northern group of animals. When the cold of the Glacial Age 
passed away, the musk-sheep. reindeer, and other animals were driven out of Europe. 

They are found not only in high northern latitudes, such as Greenland. Mr. Darkens thinks that there, also, are 
to be found the Cave-men of the Paleolithic Age, now known as the Eskimos. Though not accepted by all 
authorities, yet some of our bet scholar find much to commend in this theory. We have undoubted proofs that
 
The men of the Drift, however, do not appear to have use them, save as temporary places of refuge, perhaps as 
a protection from hands of savage enemies, or from unusually inclement weather. But yet, most surprising
results have attended the exploration of caves in England France, and Belgium. We find in those gloomy places 
that the men of the Drift were not the only tribes of men inhabiting Europe during the Glacial Age. In fact, 
living at later date than the Drift tribes, but still belonging to the Paleolithic Age, were tribes of people who 
appear to have untitled caverns and grottoes as places of permanent resort, an judging from their remains, 
they had made considerable advance in the arts of living as compared with the tribes of the Drift. But before I 
pointing out the grounds upon which these conclusions rest, it may be well to give a slight review of the history 
of cave research. The dread and awe which kept people away from caves during the Middle Ages preserved 
their contents for later discovers. In the seventeenth century, some adventurous spirits began to search in 
them for what they called Unicorn horns, which were deemed a most efficacious remedy for various diseases. 
This search served the good purpose of bringing to light various fossil bones of animals, no calling the 
attention of scientific men to the same. The cave Gailergreuth, in Bavaria, was explored by Dr. Goldfuss in 
1810.
 
	He came to the conclusion that the bones of bears and extinct animals were proofs of the former presence 
	of the animals themselves. Dr. Buckland, a celebrated English writer, visited the cave in 1876, and became 
	much interested the work; so much so that when Kirkdale Cavern, in England, was discovered in 1821, he at 
	once repaired to the spot and made a careful exploration. The results satisfied him that hyenas and other extinct