on this subject in 1822, which marks the commencement of a new era in cave research. In 1825 Kents Cavern 
near Tarquay, ws discovered and Rez. J. McEnry made partial explorations in it. He discovered flint 
implements and perceived the might be a proof of the presence of man within these extinct animals. Dr. Buckland 
had not found these relics, or else had passed them by as of no importance, for he refused entertain the 
theory that man and the extinct animals had been contemporaneous. Explorations made in France in 1827 -8 
had finished such strong evidence on this point that it was deemed established by some scholars, but being 
opposed to the prevailing belief nothing came of it. Gailehreuth. In 1829 Schemerling commenced his 
investigations in the caves of the valley of the Meuse. For years he continued his work under many difficulties. 
Sir Charles Lyell tell us he was let down day after day to the opening of the Engis Cave by a rope tied to a tree. 
Arriving there he crawled on all fours trough a narrow passage way to the enlarged chamber, where, standing 
in mud and water, he superintended the investigations. He examined over forty of those caves, and published his 
results in 1833. He clearly showed that man must have been living along with various animals now extinct in 
Belgium. But, as before remarked, it was deemed sufficient answer to this careful explorer to point out that his 
results there opposed to the accepted chronology, and so they were passed by. 

platforms, on which were erected rude dwellings, the platforms being above the surface of the water, and at 
some distance from the shore, with what they were connected by a narrow bridge. Lake Village, Switzerland - 
This was the first of a series of many interesting discoveries from which we have learned many facts as to 
Neolithic times. The out we have introduced is an ideal restoration of one of these Swiss lake villages. It needs 
but a glance to show how admirably placed it was for purposes of defense. Unless an enemy was provided with
boats, the only way approach was over the bridge. But the very fact that the resorted to lakes, were at the 
expense of great labor they erected their villages, as striking the insecurity of the times. This discovery once 
made, is surprising what the numbers of these and ancient lake villages have been discovered. Switzerland a bounds in 
large and small lakes, and in former times they must have been still more numerous, but in the course of years 
they had become filled up, and now exist only as peat bogs. But we now know that during the Neolithic Age the 
country was quite thickly inhabited, an these lakes were the sites of villages. Over two hundred had been 
found in Switzerland alone. Fishermen had known of the existence of these piles long before their meaning was
understood. Lake Geneva is one of the most famous of the Swiss lakes. Though in the main it is deep, yet around 
the short there is a fringe of shallow water. It was in this shallow belt that the villages were built. The sites of 
twenty-four settlements are known. We are told that on "calm days when the surface of the water is unruffled
the piles are plainly visible. Few of them now project more than two feet from the bottom, eaten away by the 
incessant action of the water. Lying among them are objects of bond horn, pottery, and frequently even of 
bronze. 

Every better instinct of her nature had gone out like the flame of a lamp whose oil is exhausted; love of money 
remained as dregs at the bottom of her heart. A deep grudge against mankind, and a secret pleasure in the 
misfortunes of others, especially of her own sex, where her nuling passions. Her mother, Marie Exili, had died in 
her bed. warning her daughter not to dabble in the forbidden arts which she had taught her, but to cling to her 
husband and live a honest life as the only means of dying a more hopeful death than he ancestors. La 
Corridveau heard much, but he heeded little. The blood of Antonio Edili and of La Voisin beat too vigorously in her
veins to be tamed down by the feeble whispers of dying woman who had been weak enough to give away at last. 
The death of her mother left La Corriveau free to follow her own will. The Italian subtlety of her race made her 
secret and cautious. She had few personal affronts to avenge, and few temptations in the simple community 
where she lived to practise more than the ordinary arts of rural fortune-teller, keeping in impenetrable 
shadow darker side of her character as a born sorceress and poisoner. Fanchon Dodier, in obedience to the 
order of her mistress, started early in the day to bear the message entrusted to her for La Corriveau. 

Angelique threw back a rich curtain and disclosed a recess filled with pots of blooming roses and flowers of 
various hues. "The roses are blooming here which will form the bouquet of Beau manoir."
 
	"You are of rare ingenuity Mademoiselle," replied La Corriveau, admiringly . "If Satan prompt you not, it is 
	because he can teach you nothing either in love or stratagem." "Love!" replied Angelique quickly." do not name 
	that! No! I have sacrificed all love, or I should not be taking counsel of La Corriveau" Angelique's thoughts