a man before whom I have lovered my pride. It the vengeance I have vowed upon a woman for whose sake I
am trifled with! It is that prompts me to this deed! But no matter, shut up the casket, La Corriveau; we will talk 
now of how and when this thing is to be done." The witch shut up her infernal casket of bony, leaving the vial 
of Brinvilliers shining like a ruby in the lamplight upon the polished table. The two women sat down, their
foreheads almost totching together, with their eyes flashing in lurid sympathy as they eagerly discussed the 
position of things the Chateau. The apartments of Caroline, the hours of rest and activity, were as well 
known to Angelique who had adroitly fished out every fact from the unsuspecting Fanchon Dodier, as had also
La Corriveau. It was known to Angelique that the Intendant would be absent from the city for somedays, in 
consequence of the news from France. The unfortunate Caroline would be deprived of the protection of his 
vigilant eye. The two women sat long arranging and planing their diabolical scheme. There was no smile upon 
the cheet of Angelique now. Her dimples, which drove me mad, had disappeared Her lips, made to distil 
words sweeter than honey of Hybla, were now drawn together in herd lines like La Coriveaus's, --they were 
cruel an untouched, by a single trace of mercy. The hours struck unheeded on the clock in the room, as it ticked 
louder and louder like a conscious monitor beside them. 

really an argument in favor of their interglacial age.-59- The committee appointed by the British Association to 
explore the Victoria Cave, near Settle, urge this point very strongly in their final report 1878.-60 To this 
report Mr. Dawkins, a member of the committee, records his dissent, but in hit last great work he freely admits
 
Cultivated fields of corn, and meadows ran down to the store. A row of white cottages, forming a loosely
connected street, cluttered into something like a village at the point where the parish church stood, at the 
intersection of two or three roads, one of which, a narrow green track, but little worn by the carts of the 
habitans, led to the stone house of La Corriveau, the chimney of which was just visible as you lost sight of the 
village spire. In a deep hollow, out of sight of the village church, almost out of hearing of its little bell, stood the 
house of La Corriveau, a square, heavy structure of stone, unconvenient and gloomy, with narrow windows and 
an uninbiting door. The pine forest touched on one side a brawling stream twisted itself like a live snake half
round on the other. A plot of green glass, ill kept and deformed, with noxious weeds, cock, fennel, thistle, and 
foul stramonium, was surrounded by a rough wall of loose stones, forming the lawn, such as it was, where, 
under a tree, seated in an armchair, was a solitary woman, whom Fanchon recognized as her aunt, Marie 
Josephte Dodier, surnamed La Corriveau. La Corriveau, in feature and person. took after her grand-sire Exili. 
She was ta11 and straight, of swarthy complex, black haired and intensity black-eyed. She was not 
uncomely of feature nay, had been handsome, not was her look at first sight forbidding, specially if she did 
not turn upon you those small basilisk eyes of her full of fire and glare as the eyes of a retlesnake. But truly 
those thin, cruel lips of hers never smiled spontaneously, of affected to smile upon you unless she had an object 
to gain by assuming a disguish as foreign to her as light an angel of darkness. La Corriveau was dressed in a 
robe of soft brown stuff, shaped with a degree of taste and style beyond the galb of her class. Neatness in dress 
was the pne virtue she had inherited from her mother.
 
	that ran was living in England during the Glacial Age, if he did not, in fact, preced it.-61-M. Shertchley, of 
	the British coast survey, in 1879,-62-announced the discovery in East Anglia of Paleolithic, implements 
	underlying the bowlder clay of that section. Mr. Geikie justly regards this is a most important discovery.-63-. 
	Finally Mr. Dawkins, in his address as President of the Athropological section of the British Association in
	1882 goes over the entire round. After alluding to the discovery of paleolithic implements in Egytp, India and 
	America, he continues: "The identity of implements of the River Drift hunter proves that he was in the same rude 
	state of civilization, if it can be call civilization, in the Old are the New World, when the hand of the 
	geological clock struck the same hour. It is not a little strange that this mode of life should have been the same 
	in the forests of the North, and south of the Mediterranean, in Palestine, in the tropical forests of India, and on 
	the western shores of the Atlantic." This, however, is not taken as proving the identity of race, but as proving 
	that in this morning-time man's existence had no where advanced beyond a low state of savagism. Mr. 
	Dawkins then continues: "It must be inferred tom his wide-spread range that he must have inhabited the earth 
	for a long time, and that his dispersal took place before the Glacial epoch in Europe and America I therefore 
	feel inclined to view the River Drift hunter as having invaded Europe in preglacial times, along with other 
	living species which then appeared' He also points out that the evidence is that he lived in Europe during all