the charges of that prolonged period known as the Glacial Age.-64 Sir John Lubbock also records his assentto 
these views.

When the time at last came, and their true worth was recognized, Schmerling himself has passed away. We leave 
already seen what great result followed the exploration of DePertkes in the river graves. When it had been 
clearly established that man and extinct animals hid coexisted in Europe, the results of cave explorations were 
eagerly recalled, and governments vied with royal societie and private individuals in continuing the 
researches. The results are that a rich store of facts has been gathered from those gloomy resorts, illustrative of 
the late stages of Paleolithic art. A word as to the formation of caves, grottoes, caverns, and rock shelters. 
These very greatly in size, some being so small at to furnish protection to but few individuals; others especially 
caves, so large that whole tribes might have found a place of resort within their chamber. They are found in all 
limestone countries. The formation of caves is now recognized as due to natural causes acting slowly through 
many years. Limestone rock is very hard and durable, but chemistry teaches us that water charged with
carbonic acid gas well readily dissolve it. Rain-water falling from the clouds is sure to come in contact with 
masses of decaying vegetable matter, which we know is constantly giving off quantities of this gas. Laden with 
this the water sinks into the ground, and, if it comes in contact with limestone readily washes some of it away in 
solution. But beds of limestone rock are noted for containing great fissures through which subterranean water. 

Its slow finger had marked each wicked thought, and receded for all time each murderous word as it passed 
their cruel lips, La Corriveau held the basket in her lap with an air of satisfaction, and sat with eyes fixed on 
Angelique, who was now silent. "Watch the roses well, Mademoiselle," said she; "in three days I shall be here 
for a bouquet, and less than thrice three days I promise you there shall be a dirge sung for the lady of 
Beaumanoir." "Only let it be done soon and surely," replied Angelique--her very tone grew harsh,--"out talk no 
more of it; your voice sounds like a cry from a dark gallery that leads to hell. Would it were done! I could then 
shut up the memory of it in a tomb of silence, forever, forever, and wash my hands of a died done by you, not 
me" "A deed done by you, not me!" She repeated the words, as if repeating them made them true. She would 
shut up the memory of her crime forever; she reflected not that the guilt is in the evil intent, and the sin the same 
before God even if the deed be never done. Angelique was already an eager sophist. She knew better than the 
wretched creature whom she had bribed with money, how intensely wicked was the thing she was tempting her 
to do; but her jealousy maddened her, and her ambition cold not let her halt her course. There was one 
thought which still ormented her "What would he Intendant think? What would he say should he suspect her of 
the murder of Caroline?" 

Angelique was startled to hear from the lips of another, words which gave free expression to her own secret 
thought. A denial was on her lips, but the lie remained unspoken. The trebled before La Corriveau, but her 
resolution was unchanged. "It was not only to please me, but to profit yourself, that I sent for you!" Angelique 
replied eagerly, like me trying to outstrip her conscience and prevent it from overtaking her sin. "Hark you! 
you love gold, La Corriveau! I will give you all you crave in return for your help,--for help me you shall! Your
will never repent of it if you do; you will never cease to regret it if you do not! I will mile you rich, La 
Corriveau! or else, by God! do you head? I swear it! I will have you burnt for a witch, and your ashes strewn ill 
over St. Valier!" La Corriveau spat contemptuously upon the floor at the holy name. "You are a fool, Angelique

	She cursed her lot that it was so, an her dry bosom became an arid spot of desert, tenanted by satyrs and 
	dragons, by ever evil eyes which shot like a glance of death from under the thick black eyebrows. Her carft was equal to
	her realice. An occasional deed of alins, done not for charity's sake, but form ostentation and adroit deal of cards,
	or a horoscope cast to flatter a foolish girl; a word of sympathy, hollow as water bubble, but colored with
	iridencent prettiness, averted suspicion from the darker traits of her character. If she was hated, she was also
	feared by her neighbors, and although the sign of the cross was made upon the chair whereon she hat sat in a
	neighbor's house her visits were not unwelcome, and in the manor-house, as in the cabin of the woodman, La
	Corriveau was received, consulted, rewarded, and oftener thanked than cuised, by her witless dupes. There was
	something sublime in the satanic pride with which she carried with her the terrible secrets of her race, which in