distinctness to make any remarks on it. When a man is old and works hard, one subject drives another out of his 
head. 

LETTER 781. TO T.H. HUXLEY. Worthing, September 9th, 1881. -781-1. Mr. Anthony Rick left his house at 
Worthing as a legacy to Mr. Huxley. See Huxley's "Life and Letters," II, pages 286, 287.-We have been paying 
Mr. Rik a little visit, and he has often spoken of you, and I think he enjoyed much your and Mrs. Huxley's visit 
here. But my object in writing now is to tell you something, which I am very doubtful whether it is worth while 
for you do hear, because it is uncertain. My brother Erasmus has left me half his fortune, which is very
considerable. Therefore, I thought myself bound to tell Mr. Rich of this, stating the large amount, as far as the 
executors as yet known it roughly. I then added that my wife and self thought that, under these new 
circumstances, he was most a fully justified in altering his will and leaving his property in some other way. I 
begged aim to take week to consider what I had told him, and then by letter to inform me of the result. But he 
would not, however hardly allow me to finish what I had to say, and expressed a firm determination not to alter
his will adding that I had fine sons to provider for. After a short pause he implied -but unfortunately he here 
became very confused and forgot a word, which on subsequent reflection I think was probably "reversionary"--- 
he implied that these was a chance, whether good or bad know not, of his becoming possessed of some other 
property, and he fished by saying distinctly, 'I will bequeath this to Huxley." What the amount my be-I fear 
not large-, and what the chance may be. God only knows; and one cannot cross-examinea man about his will. 
He did not bind me to secrecy so I think I am justified intelling you what passed, but whether it is wise on my 
part to end so vague a story. I am not at all sure; but as a general rule it is best to tell everything. As I know 
that you hate writing letters, do not trouble yourself to answer this. P.S. --O further reflection 1 should like to
hearth that you receive this note safely. I have used up all my black-edged paper 

going back indeed to a former Geological age that his first state was very low and rude that he has risen to his
present high estate by means of his own exertions continued through long age and from this form a prophecy of 
a golden age to come in the yet distant future, we shall feel that we have not written in vain.

-10- The northern animals include the following Alpine care, musk-sheep, glutton, reindeer, arctic fox
leming, tailless hard, marmort spermophile, ibex, snowy vale, chamois. -Geikes "Prehistoric Europe." p. 32-
-11-Gike's "Prehistoric Europe," p. 28. -12- The following animals are given as southern species: 
Hippopotamus, African elephant spotted hyena, striped hyena, serval, caffer cat, lion, leopard. In addition to 
the above there were also four or five species of elephants and three species of rhinicernos which have since 
become extinct. -Geike's "Prehistoric Europe." p. 32. --13- It is scarcely necessary to give a list of these 
animal. Prof. Dawkins is enumerates thirty-three species. The following are some of the most important: Urus 
bison, horse, stag, roe, beaver, rabbit, ozter, weased, martin, wildcat, fox, wolf, wild boar, brown bear, grizzly 
bear. - Geike's "Prehistoric Europe,"p.32--14- Dawkins's "Early Man in Britain," This map embodies the 
results the labours of a great many eminent scholars. She also Croll's "Climate and Time" also Wallace's
"Island Life," pp. 102-202. We are not aware that the statements as set forth above are seriously questioned by
 
	"I have no fear of that, Amelie! The wonder me is that you could think me worthy of the priceless trust of your 
	happiness." "An the wonder to me replied she, "is that your dear heart ever burdened itself with my 
	happiness. I am weak in myself, and only strong in my resolution to be all loving wife of should be to you, my
	Pierte! You wonder how you gained my love? Shall I tell you? You never gained it; it was always yours, before 
	you formed a thought to win it! You are now my betrothed, Pierre Philibert, soon to be my husband; I would not 
	exchange my fortune to become the proudest queen that ever sat an the throne of France." Amelie was very 
	happy to-day. The half-stolen delight of walking by the side of Pierre Philbert was enhanced by the hope that 
	the fatal spell the bound Le Gardeur to the Palace had been broken, and would yet return home, a new man. 
	Le Gardeur had only yesterday, in a moment of recollection of himself and if his sister, addressed a note to
	Amelie, asking pardon for his recent neglect of home, andprompting to come and see them on St. Martin's day.
	He had heard of heard of her betrothal to Pierre. It was the gladdest news, he said that had ever come to him in his life. 
	He sent a brother's blessing upon them both, and claimed the privilege of giving away her hand to the no best 
	man in New France,, Pierre Philibert. Amelie showed the precious note to Pierre. It only needed that to
	complete their happiness for the day. The one cloud that had overshadowed their joy in their approaching