sober, and in his right mind, was to be present at her wedding and give her away, than of the whole Court of 
France with thousands of admiring spectators, were to pay her royal honors.

power of fate to remove mountains of difficulty and cast them into the sea. How often, while watching the stats 
wheel silently over my head as I lay pilowed on store, while my comrades sumbered round the campfires, 
have I repeated my prayer for Amelie de Repentigny! I had no right to indulge a hope of winning your love; I 
was but a rough soldier, very practical and not at all imaginative. 'She would see nothing in me,' I said; and 
still I would not have given us my hope for a kingdom." It was not so hard, after all, to win what was already
yours, Pierre, was it?" said she with a smile and a look of unutterable sweetness; "but it was well you asked, for 
without asking you could be like one possessing treasure of gold in his field without knowing it, although it 
was all the while there and all his own. But not a grain of it would you have found without asking me, Pierre!" 
"But having found I shall never lose it again, darling!" replied he, pressing her to his bosom. "Never, Pierre, 
it is yours forever!" replied she, her voice trembling with emotion 
 
dumb and filthy held, they fought for acorns and lurking places with their nails, and with fists then with clubs 
and at vast with arms, which taught by experience, they had forged. They then invented names for things, and 
words to express their thoughts; after which they began to desist from war, to fortify cities, and enact laws." The 
learning of modern times leads to much the same conclusion. It is evident that primitive man must have been 
destitute of metals; for it requires a great deal of knowledge and experience to extract metals from their ores in
the eyes of savages, the various metallic ores are imply so many varieties of stone much less valuable for his 
purpose than flint, or some other varieties. We know it to the historically true that a great many nations have 
been discovered utterly destitute of any knowledge of metals. When we reflect how much of our present 
enlightenment is due to the use of metals, we can readily see that their discovery marks a most important epoch 
in the story of man. There is, then, every reason to suppose that stone was almost important article for 
primitive man. It was the material with which he fought his battle for existence, and we need not be surprised 
that its use extended through in enormously long period of time. Not only was primitive man thus low down in 
the scale, but of necessity his progress must have been very slow. The time during which men were utterly
destitute of a knowledge of metals, for exceeds the interval that has elapsed since that important discovery.-31- 
So curiosity was greatly excited, and she now suspected there was more in this visit than she had been told. 
Angelique invited La Corriveau to remove her cloak and broad hat. 

Seating her in her own luxurious chair, she sat down beside her, and began the conversation with the usual 
platitudes and common places of the time, dwelling longer upon them than need was, as if she hesitated or 
feared to bring up the real subject of this midnight conference. "My Lady is fair to look on. All women will 
admit that; all men swear to it!" said 1a Corriveau, in harsh voice that gretted ominously, like the door of hell
which she was opening with this commencement of her business. Angelique replied only with a smile. A
compliment from La Corriveau even was not wasted upon her; but just now she was on the brink of an abyss of
explanation, looking down into the dark pit, resolved, yet hesitating to make the plunge. "No witch or witchery 
but your own charms is needed, Mademoiselle," continued La Corriveau, falling into the tone of flattery she 
often used towards her dupes, "to make what fortune you will in this world, what pearl ever fished out of the sea 
could add a grace to this wordrous hair of yours? Permit me to touch it, Mademoiselle!"
 
holars divide the stone age into two parts. In the first, the stone implements, are very few of simple shapes, 
and in the main formed of but one variety of stone generally flint-- and they were never polished. In the second
division we meet with a great many a different implements each adapted to a different purpose. Different 
varieties of stone were employed, and they also made use of bone, shell, and wood, which were often beautifully 
polished. From what we had learned of the development of primitive society, it will not surprise us to learn that 
the first division of the age of stone comprises a vastly greater portion of time and is far more ancient, than the
second. We will give an outline showing the order of use different materials; but it is were necessary to 
remark that Bronze was the first metal that man learned to use, and Iron the second.

	In 1876 Prof. Capellini discovered in a Plioene deposit in Italy, the bones of a whale, which were so marked 
	with cuts and incisions that he thought the only explanation was to say they had been cut by men. In this case-