man. It is quite true that Mr. Evans has suggested that they may be the work of fishes. In this he is followed by 
Prof. Winchell. -65- But then appears to be little ground for such belief, because the cuts are all on outside 
faces of rib-bones, and the outer faces of the backbones. From the position occupied by the remaining portions 
of the skeleton, Prof. Capellini is sure that the animal had run a ground, and, in that condition, was discovered 
and killed by men, who then, by means of flint knives, cut away such portions of food as they wished. It must 
have been lying on is left side since the cuts were all made on bones of the right.-66- It is not probable that 
fishes would have been apt to choose the outside faces of the ribs on the right side for the meals. These cut 
bones have been carefully examined by many competent man, have agreed with Capellini that they are the 
work of men.-67- Mr. Dawkins thinks the cuts were artificial, but he says, 'It is not, however, to my mind 
satisfactorily shown that these were obtained from undisturbed strata."-68- Now these bones have been found in 
several localities, always in Pliocene deposits, which formed the shores of the Pliocene sea.-69- Knowing how 
carefully geologists inquire into all the surroundings of a find, surely, if Capellini and others are the competent 
men they are admitted to be, they would have informed us long ago if they were not found in undisturbed strata.
Mr. Dawkins also objects because fragments of pottery were found in the strata. "Pottery," says he, "was 
unknown in the Pleistocene Age,-70- and therefore is unlikely to have been find in the Pliocene -71- Mr. 
Geikie says this objection is founded on a mistake, as Prof. Capellini told him the pottery was found lying on the
surface, and was never for a moment imagined him as belonging to the same age as the cut bones-72- There 
is also the objection that, in as much as the mammals then alive except one cave perished, it is more than 
likely that, had man been in existence then, he too would have nothing further to offer. We might, however,
speculating as to the presence of man in the Miocene; so we have nothing further to offer. We might, however, 
suggest that, if the hippopotamus amongst mammals could survive all the changing time since the Pliocene, as it 
has don't, it seems no more than fair to admit equal power of endurance to the human species. 

Dame Tremblay was not surprised next morning to find the chamber empty and the lady gone. She shook her 
head sadly. "He is a wild galant, is my master! No wilder ever came to Lake Beauport when I wash the 
Charming Josephine and all the world ran after me. But I can keep a secret, and I will! This secret I must keep
at any rate, by the Intendant's order, and I would rather die than be railed at by that fierce Sieur Cadet! I will
keep the Intendant's secret safe as my teeth, which he praised so handsomely and so justly." The fact that 
Caroline never returned to the Chateau, and that the search for her was so long and so vainly carried on by La 
Mammelia belong the most highly organized animals. They have been the rufing animals since the close of 
Mesozoic time. We must now watch their development with especial care. For this brief review, as far as it has 
gone, has shown a steady and gradual progress life forms, the lower invariably preceding the higher. We 
therefore feel that it will be vain to see for any face of man until we find undoubted proofs of the existence of 
all the forms of animals below him. The last great division of times is called Cenozoic.-20- This means new life 
forms. In this age, the forms of life are much nearer our own. As it was some time during thi epoch when man 
makes his appearance, we deem it best to go into more detail, and give the subdivisions of this period. It has
been amply sufficient to give simply the outlines of the other period in order to fix more clearly the sequence 
of life, we will give an outline showing the periods we have reviewed, and also the subdivisions of the Cenozoic 
time, which we are now to examine which more care OUTLINE LIFE. Archan Time. The Beginning. Includes 
the long lapse of the time when the globe could not support life, but towards its close faint traces of life, both 
animal and vegetable appeared. Paleozoic Time. The Period of Old Life Forms. Forests of flowerless trees; but 
pines grew in the coal measures. Animal life largely invertebrate; but amphibians and reptiles among the 
vertebrate appear at the close. Mesozoic Time. The Period of Middle Life Forms. Flowering trees increasing in 
number and importance. Deciduous trees make their appearance.
 
	So fresh are the and so unaltered, they look as if they were only things of yesterday, and it seems hard to 
	believe that they can have remained there for centuries." -7- A lake settlement represents an immense ammout of 
	workd for a people destitute of metallic tools. After settling on the locality, the first step would be to obtain the 
	timbers. The piles were generally composed of the trunks of small-sized trees at that time flourishing in 
	Switzerland. But to cut down a tree with a stone hatchet is no slight undertaking. They probably used fire to
	to help them. After the tree was felled it had to cut off again at the right length, the branches lopped off, and 
	one and rudely sharpened. It was then taken the place and driven into the mud of the lake botton. For this