require forty thousand piles in its construction -15- The platform which rested on these piles was elevated 
several feet above the surface of the water, so as to allow for the swesh of the waves. It was composed of 
branches and trunk of trees banded together, the whole covered which clay. Sometimes they split the trees with 
wedges to as to make thick slabs. In some instances wooden pegs were used 10 fasten portions of the platform to
the pilework. As to the houses which were erected on these platform, though they have utterly vanished, yet 
from a few remains we can judge something as to the mode of construction. They seem to have been formed of 
trunks of trees placed upright one by side of the other, and bound together by interwoven branches. This 
was the covered of both side with two or three inches of clay. A plaster of clay and gravel formed the floor, 
and a few slabs of sandstone did duty for a fire-place. The roof was of bark, straw, or rushes. There does not 
seem to have been much of a plan used in laying out a settlement. A population increased other piles were 
added, and thus the village gradually extended. 

-16- We can form a very good idea of Neolithic Europe from what we have earned as to their habitations 
well-wooded country, abounding in  lakes and marshes, quite thickly settled, but by a savage people, divided into 
many tribes, independent of aid hostile to each other. The lakes were fringed with their peculiar settlements; 
they are to be noticed in the marshes, and on commanding heights are still others. The people were largely 
hunters and fishers, but, as we shall soon see, they practised a rude husbandry and had a few domestic animals. 
Such was the condition of Europe long for the Greek and Latin tribes lit the beacon fires of civilization in the 
south. It is evident at the builders of the lake settlements and the fortified villages were an intelligent and 
industrious people, though their scale in civilization was yet low. Their various implements of bone, horn, and 
stone display considerable advance over the rude articles of the Drift Neolithic Axes. - One of the most 
import implements was the ax. The Paleolithic hatched, we remember, was rude, mastive, and only roughly 
chipped into shape, and was intended to be held in the hand. The Neolithic ax was a much better made one, and 
was furnished with a handle. They were enabled to accomplish a great deal with such axes. "Before it, aided by 
fire, the trees of the forest fell to make room for the tiller of the ground, and by its sharp edge wood became 
useful for the manufacture of various articles and implements indispensable for the advancement of mankind in 
culture." -17- These axes vary in size and finish. As a general thing, they are ground to sharp, smooth edge, but 
not always, nor were they always furnished with a handle. Some axes are found with a hole bored in them, 
through which to pass a handle. These perforated axes art found in considerable numbers, and some have
denied that they could be produced without the aid of metal. It is almost self-evident that the perforated axes are
 
So again, were dashed the ardent expectations of Angelique. She listened to the gallant and gay speeches of 
Bigot, which seemed to flutter like birds round her, but never lit on the ground where she had spread her net 
like a crafty fowler as she was until she went almost mad with suppressed anger and passionate excitement. But 
she kept on replying with bad image light as his own, and with laughter so soft and silvery that it seemed a gentle 
dew from Heaven, instead of the drift and flying foam of the storm that was raging in her bosom. She read and 
re-read glimpses of his hidden thought that were and came like fakes in a dream, and she saw in her
 
knew what to reply to this passionate outburst. He had spoken to her word of love, plenty of them, but the idea 
of marriage had not flashed across his mind for a moment --not a word of that had escaped his lips. He had as 
little guessed the height of Angelique's ambition as she the depth of his craft and wickedness, and yet there was
a wonderful similarity between the characters of both, - the same bold, defront spirit, the same inordinate 
ambition, the same void of principle in selecting means to ends,--only the one fascinate with the lures of love 
the other by the charms of wit, the temptations of money, or effected his purposes by the rough application of 
force. "You call me rightly a miserable sinner" said he, half smiling, as one not very, miserable although a 
sinner. "If love of fair women be a sin, I am one of the greatest sinners; and in you fair presence, Angelique, 
I am sinning at this moment enough to sink a ship load of saints and angels!" "You have sunk me in my own and 
the world's estimation, if you mean what you say, Bigot!" replied she, unconsciously tearing in strips the fan she 
held in her hand. "You love all women too well ever to be capable of fixing your heart upon one!" A tear, of
vexation perhaps, stood in her angry eye as she said this, and he cheek twitched with fierce emotion. "Come 
Angelique!" said he, soothingly, "some of our guests have entered this alley. Let us walk down to the terrace. 
The moon is shining bright over the broad river, and I will swear to you by St. Picart, my patrol, whom I never 
deceive, that my love for all woman kind has not hindered me from fixing my supreme affection upon you."