scarcely imagine another woman seriously preferred to herself, when she chose to flatter man with a belief of
her own preference for him. 

So again, were dashed the ardent expectations of Angelique. She listened to the gallant and gay speeches of 
Bigot, which seemed to flutter like birds round her, but never lit on the ground where she had spread her net
 
Bigot could not be conclude that La Pompadour suspected him in this matter. He saw clearly that he would 
not trust the search after this girl to him, because, she knew that Caroline de St. Castin had formerly drawn 
aside his heart, and that he would have married her but for the interference of the royal mistress. Whatever 
might have been done before the way of sending Caroline back Acadia, it could not be done now, after he 
had boldly lied before the Governor and the honorable Council. One thing seemed absolutely necessary, 
however. The presence of Caroline at Beaumanoir must be kept secret at all hazards, until--until, and even
Bigot, for once, was ashamed of the thoughts which rushed into his mind--until he could send her far into the 
wilderness, among savage tribes, to remain there until the search for her was over and the affair forgotten. This 

like a crafty fowler as she was until she went almost mad with suppressed anger and passionate excitement. But 
she kept on replying with bad image light as his own, and with laughter so soft and silvery that it seemed a gentle 
dew from Heaven, instead of the drift and flying foam of the storm that was raging in her bosom. She read and 
re-read glimpses of his hidden thought that were and came like fakes in a dream, and she saw in her

So again, were dashed the ardent expectations of Angelique. She listened to the gallant and gay speeches of 
Bigot, which seemed to flutter like birds round her, but never lit on the ground where she had spread her net
like a crafty fowler as she was until she went almost mad with suppressed anger and passionate excitement. But 
she kept on replying with bad image light as his own, and with laughter so soft and silvery that it seemed a gentle 
dew from Heaven, instead of the drift and flying foam of the storm that was raging in her bosom. She read and 
re-read glimpses of his hidden thought that were and came like fakes in a dream, and she saw in her

	of care in making them. They are carved and ornamented with sketches of various animals, and invariably have
	one or more holds bored in the base. The idea has been quite freely advanced, that these are emblems of
	authority. -30- And some have pointed out, that, though they are too light for use as weapons, yet their "frequent
	occurrence, and uniformity of type, show that they possess a conventional significance."-31- Mr. Geikie says
	that these conjectures "are mere guess-work."-32-And Mr. Dawkins points out that they are very similar in
	design and ornament with an  implement of the Eskimps known as an "arrow-straightener."-33- Whatever may
	be our conclusions in regard to these ornamented piece of reindeer horn, we can not doubt but that their social
	instincts found expression in some sort of alliance for the common good. This is shown by several facts: such,
	for instance, as the evidence of trade or barter between localities considerable distances apart. The inhabitants
	of Belgium must have gone to what is now Southern France to procure the flint they used. They also procured,
	from the same source, fossil sea- shells, which they valued highly.-34- We also notice the fact, that certain
	localities appear to have been used as the place of manufacture for certain articles, to the exclusion of others.
	In other words, the primitive people appear to have learned the great utility of a division of labor. One of the
	caves in Belgium appear to have been used as a place to make flint implements. Over twenty thousand articles
	of flint were found in this cave.-35- In France, while in one cave the implements were all of the pear-head type,
	in a neighboring cave horn was almost the only article used in the manufacture of implements. We must not,
	however, form an exalted idea of their trad at was simply barter in a rude state of society.-36- Flowers on
	Reindeer's Horn. - Various opinions have been held as to whether we have any trace of a religious belief.
	Theoretically speaking, they had some sort of a religious, though doubtless very vague and indistinct; for we
	know of no nation as far advanced as they were destitute of it.-37- It has been pointed out, that the bones of
	some animals, as the horse were very rare, and their absence explained as the result of superstitious reasons. It
	has also been conjectured that some of the perforated bones and teeth of animals found in various deposits were
	a mulets worn for religious purposes and some have gone so far as to infer that the ornamentations on some of
	these so-called amulets represent the sun, and that, consequently, sun-worship prevailed among the Cave-men.
	While these various conjectures are of course possible it is equally certain they are all "mere guess-work."
	Ornamented Reindeer Horn Early explores descried with considerable degree of confidence the manner of
	burial among the Cave-men, and inferred from the remains found burned with the bodies that they had some 