journey weapons where with to defend himself, and his favorite implements, so that, arrived at the land of
spirits, he would be well provided for.

later in date than the solid ones, and probably many of them are no earlier in time than the Age of Metals.
There is, however, nothin to show that all belong to so late a time. Beside, experiment have amply shown that
even the hardest kind of flint can be drilled without the aid of metals.

They gazed at her for a minute in solemn silence, before shrouding her fair face and slender form in their last
winding-sheet. Bigot was over powered with his feelings, yet strove to master them, as he gulped down the rising
in his throat which at times almost strengled him. Cadet, eager to get his painful task over, took from the
slender finger of Caroline a ring, a love-gift of Bigot, and from her neck a golden locket containing his portrait
and a lock of his hair. A rosary hung at her wait; this Cadet also detached, as a precious relic to be given to
the Intendant by and by. There was one thread of silk women into the coarse hempen nature of Cadet. Bigot
stooped down and gave her pile lips and eyes, which he had tenderly closed, a last desparing kiss, before
veiling her face with the winding-sheet as she lay, white as a snow-drift, and as cold. They wrapped her softy in
the blankets, and without a word spoken, lowered the still, lissom body into its rude grave. The awful silence
was only broken by the sapsmodic sobs of Bigot as he leaned over the grave to look his last upon the form of the
fair girl whom he had betrayed and brought to this untinely end. "Me culpa! Mea maxima culpa!" said he,
beating his breast. "Oh, Cadet, we are burying her like a dog! I cannot, I cannot do it!" The Intendant's feelings
overcame him again, and he rushed from the chamber, while Cadet, glad of his absence for a few moments,
hastily filled up the grave and, replacing with much care the stone slabs over it, swept the debris into the
passage and spread the carpet again smoothly over the floor. Even trace of the dreadful deed was obliterated
in the chamber of murder. Cadet, acutely thinking of everything at this supreme moment would leave no ground
of suspicion for Dame Tremblay when she came in the morning to visit the chamber. She should think that her
lady had gone away with her master as mysteriously as she had come, and no further inquiry would be made
after her.

Animal life largerly reptilian. The class Mammalia represented by marsupial. Cenozoic Time, Terziary, or Age
of Mamal. Eocene, Miocene, Pliocene, Quaternary, or Age of Man. Glacial or Pleistocene. Recent. At the
close of the Mosozoic time, great elevations of laid took place in both America and Europe, especially in the
northern portions,-21- This could not fail to have a great effect or life, both animal and vegetable. During the
Eocene of first division of the Tertiary Age, we have simply to ote the steady progress of life. There were
forests of species of paks, poplers, maples, hickortes, and other common trees, and others now found only in
tropical regions. Palm trees were growing in the upper Missouri region of the United States. And England was
decidedly a land of Palms, as no less than thirteen species are known to have been growing there. Cypresses,
yews, and pines graced the scene.-22- Our special interest centers, however, in the mammals of this epoch. The
Paleotherium. - In the preceding epoch marsupials only were represented. But in beds of the middle and closing
portions of the Eocen period we meet with a sudden increase of Mammalian life. Whale-like animals were
especially abundant in the seas; and on our Wester plains were animals like the tapirs of India, and
rhinoceros-like animals as large as elephants-23- but having no trunks, and dimminutive little animals not larger
than forces, from which have come our horses. Europe also had a varied Mammalian fauna. There were
numerous hog-ike animals. Animals, like the tapirs of tropical Asia and America, wandered in the forests and
on the banks of the rivers. Herds of horse-like animals, about the size of Shetland ponies, fed on the meadows-
24- Animals that drew the cud were present, or at least had near representatives.-25- Among the flush-eating
animal were creatures resembling foxes, wolvernes, and hyenas.

	The walked down a long alley briliantly illuminated with lamps of Boltzmian glass, which shone like the
	diamonds, rubies, and emeralds which grew upon the trees in the garden of Aladdin. At every angle of the
	geometrically-cut paths of hard-beaten sea- shells, where as snow, stood the statue of a fauna, a nymph, or dryad,
	in Farian marble, holding a torch, which illuminated a great vase running over with fresh, blooming flowers,
	presenting a vista of royal magnificence which bore testimony to the wealth and splendid tastes of the Intendant.
	The garden wlks were not deserted: their beauty drew out many a couple who sauntered merrily, or lovingly,
	down the pleached avenue, which looked like the corridors of a gorgeously-decoreated palace, Bigo and