seemed foretaste of royalty. She had seen the gardens of the palace many times before, but never illuminated
as now. The sigt of them so grandly decorated filled her with admiration of their owner, and she resolved that,
cost what it would the homage paid to her to-night, as the partner of the Intendant, should become hers by right
on his hearthstone as the first lady in New France. Angelique threw back her veil that all might see her, that the
women might envy and the men admire her, as she leaned confidingly on the arm of Bigot, looking up in his face
with that wonderful smile of hers which had brought so many men to ruin at her feet, and talking with such
enchanment as no woman, could talk but Angelique des Meloises. Well understanding that her only road to
access was to completely fascinate the Intendant she bent herself to the task with such power of witchery and
such simulation of real passion, taht Bigot, wary and experienced gladiator as he was in the arena of love, was
more than once brought to the brink of a proposal for her hand.

She feared his scrutinning investigation; but, trusting in her power, she risked his suspitions, nay, remembering
his words, made him in her own mindman accessory in the murder. If sh remembered La Gardeur de Repentigny
at all at this moment, it was only to strangle the thought of him. She shied like a horse on the brink of a 
precipice when the thought of Le Gardeur intruded itself. Rising suddenly, she bade La Carriveau be gone
about her business, lest she should be tempted to change her mind.La Corriveau laughed at the last struggle of
dying conscience, and bade Angelique got to bed. It was two hours past midnight, and she would bid Fanchon let
her depart to the house of an old crone in the city who would give her a bed and a blessing in the devil's name.
Angelique, weary and agitated, bade her be gone in the devil's name, if she preferred a curse to a blessing. The
witch, with a mocking laugh rose and took her departure for the night. Fanchon, weary of waiting had fallen
asleep. She roused herself, offering to accompany her aunt in hopes of learning something of her interview with
her mistress. All she got was a whisper that the fewels were found. La Corriveaus passed out into the darkness
and pladded her way to the house of her friend, where she resolved stay until she accomplished the secret and
cruel died she had undertaken to perform.

THE BROAD, BLACK GATEWAY OF A LIE The Count de la Galissoniere was seated in his cabinet a week
after the arrival of La Corriveau on her fatal errand. It was a plain, comfortable apartment he sat in, hung with
arras, and adorned with maps and pictures. It was there he held his daily sittings for the ordinary despatch of
business with a few such councillors as the occasion required to be present. The table was loaded with letters,
memorandums, and bundles of papers tied up in official style. Despatches of royal ministers, bearing the broad
seal of France. Reports from officers of posts far and near in New France lay mingles together with silvery
strips of the inner bark of the birch, painted with hieroglyphics, growing accounts of war parties on the eastern

In the Cadet was right. It was necessary, for Cadet and Bigot now to depart by the secret passage to the tower.
The deep-toned bell of the chateaus struck three. "We must now be gone, Bigot, and instantly." exclaimed Cadet.
Our night work is done! Let us see what day will bring, forth! You must see to it to-morrow, Bigot, that no man
or woaman alive ever again enter this accursed chamber of death!" Cadet fastened the secret door of the stair,
and gathering up his spade and bar of iron, left the chamber with Bigot, who was passive as a child in his
hands. The Intendant turned round and gave one last sorrowful look at the now darkened room as they left it.
Cadet and he made their way back to the tower. They sallied out into the open air, which blew fresh and
reviving upon their fevered faces after escaping from the stifling atmosphere below. They proceeded at once
toward their horses and mounted them, but Bigo felt deedly faint and halted under a tree while Cadet rode
back to the porter's lodge and roused up old Marcele to give him som brandy, if he had any, "as of course he
had," said Cadet. "Brandy was a gate-porter's inside livery, the living of his laced coat which he always wore.
Cadet assumed a levity which he did not really feel. Marcele fortunately could oblige the Sieur Cadet. "He did
line his livery a little, but lightly, as his Honor would see" said her bringing out a bottle of cognac and a 
drinking-cup. "It is to keep us from catching cold!" continued Cadet in his peculiar way. "Is it good?" He
placed the bottle to his lips and tasted it. Marcele assured him it was good as gold.

	"Right!" said Cadet, throwing Marcele a louis d'or. "I will take the bottle to the Intendant to keep him from
	catching cold too" Mind, Marcele, you keep your tongue still, or else--!" Cadet held up his whip, and bidding
	the porter "good-night!" rejoined Bigot. Cadet had a crafty design in this proceeding. He wanted not to tell
	Marcele that a lady was accompanying them, also not to let him perceive that they left Beaumanoir without one.