discover that Caroline had at left Bedumunoir with the Intendant. Bigot sat faint and listless in his saddle 
women Cadet poured out a large cupful brandy and offered it to him. He drink it eargerly. Cadet then filled and
gulped down a large cupful himself, then gave another to the Intendant, and poured another and another for
himself until, he said, he "began to feel warm and comfortable, and got the demnable taste of grave-digging out
of his mouth!" The heavy draught which Cadet forced the Intendant to take believed him somewhat but he
groaned inwardly and would not speak. Cade respected his mood, only biddinghim ride fast. They spurred
their horses, and rode swiftly unobserved by any one until they entered the gates of the Palace of the
Intendant. The arrival of the Intendant or the Sieur Cadet at the Palace at any untimely hour of the night excited
no remark whatever, for it was the role, rather than the exception with them both.
 
 understanding, I thought was a dreadful name. I wish you had shown in your lecture how science could
 practically be taught in a great school; I have often heard it objected that this could not be done, and I never
 knew what to say in answer. I heartily hope that you may live to see your red and labour produce good fruit.
 
 LETTER 775. TO HERBERT SPENCER. Down. December 9th - 1867 -. I thank you very sincerely for your kind
 present of your "First Principles." - 775-1. "This must have been the second edition." -Note by Mr. Spencer. - I
 earnestly hope that before long I may have strength to study the work as it ought to be studid, for I am certain
 to find or re-find much that is deeply interesting. In many parts of your "Principles of Biology" I was fairly
 astonished at the prodigality of your original view. -775-2. See "Life and Letters," III, pages 55, 56.- Most of
 the chapter furnished suggestions for whole volumes of future researches. As I have heard that you have
 changed your residence, I am forced to address this to Messrs. Williams & Norgate; and for the same reason I
 gave some time ago the same address to Mr. Murray for a copy of my book or variation etc., which is now
 finished, but delayed by the index-maker.
 
 LETTER 776. TO T.H. HUXLEY -776-1. This letter refers to a movement set on foot at a meeting held at the
 Freemansons' Tavern, on November 16th, 1872, of which an account is given in the "Times" of November 23rd,
 1872, at which Mark Pattison, Mr. Henry Sidgwick, Sir Benjamin Brodie, Professors Rolleston, Seeley, Huxley,
 et., were present. The "Times" says that the meeting was held "by member of the Universities and others
 interested in the promotion of mature study and scientific research in England." One of the heading of the
 "Program of Discussion" was "The Abolition of rize Fellowships."- Severhoaks, October 22nd - 1872-. I have
 been glad to sign and forward the paper, for I have every long thought it a sir that the inmense funds of the
 Universities should be wasted in Fellowships, except a few for paying for education. But when I was at
 Cambridge it would have been an unjustifiable sneer to have spoken of the place as one for education, always
 excepting the men who went in for honours. You speak of another resolution "in the interest of the conti-letter
 writing association" - but ales, this never arrived! I should like a society formed so that every onemight receive
 pleasant letters and never answer them. We return home on Saturday, after three weeks of the most astounding
 dullness, doing nothing and thinking of nothing I hope by Brain likes it - as for myself it is dreadful doing
 nothing. -776-2. Darwin returned to Down from Seven aks on Saturday, October 26th, 1872, which fixes the
 date of the letter.-
 
 	LETTER 777 TO LADY DERBY. Down, Saturday -1874-. If you had called here after I had read the
 	article
 	you would have found a nuch perplexed man. -777-1 Probably Sir W. Crookes' "Researches in the Phenomena
 	of Spiritualism" -reprinted from the "Quarterly Journal of Science"-, London, 1874. Other paper by Crookes
 	are in the "Proceedings of the Society for Psychical Research."- I cannot disbelieve Mr. Crooke's statement, nor
 	can't believe in his result. I has removed some of my difficulty that the supposed power is not an anomaly, but
 	is common in a lesser degree to various persons. It is also a consolations to reflect that gravity acts at any
 	distance, in some wholly unknown manner, and so may nerve-force. Nothing is so difficult to decide as where to
 	draw a just line between skepticismand credulity. It was a very long time before scientific men would believe in
 	the fall of aeroltes; and this was chiefly owing to so much bad evidence, as in the present case, being mixed up
 	with the good. All sorts of objects were said to have been seen falling from the sky. I very much hope that a 
 	number of men, such as Professor Stokes, will be induced to witness Mr. Crooke's experiments. -778-1. The tow
 	following extracts may be given in further illustration of Darwing's guiding principle in weighting evidence. He
 	wrote to Robert Chambers, April 30th, 1861. "Thank also for extract out of newspaper about rooks an crows;