against the scepticism of scientific men. You would not fulminate quite so much if you had had so many wild- 
goose chases after facts stated o men not trained to scientific accuracy. I often vow to myself that I will utterly
disregard every statement make by anyone who has not shown the world he can observe accurately." In a letter
to Dr. Dohrn, of Naples, January 4th, 1870, Darwin wrote: "Forgive me for suggesting one caution; as
Demosthenes said, Action, action, action,' was the soul of eloquence, so is caution almost the soul of science."-

LETTER 778. TO J. BURDON SANDERESON. Down, July 16th, 1879. Some little time agor Mr. Simon -778-
How Sir John Simon- sent me the last Report and your statements abour contagion deeply interested me. By the
way, if you see Mr. Simon, and can remember it will you thank him for me; I was so busy at the time that I aid
not write. Having been in correspondence with Page lately on another subject, I mentioned to him an analogy
which has struck me much, now that we know that sheep-pox is fukgoid; and this analogy pleased him. It is that
off airy rings, which are believed to spread froma  centre, and when they interesect the intersecting portion died
out, as the mycelium cannot grow where it has grown during previous years. So, again, I have never seen a ring

within a ring; this seems to me a parallel case to a man commonly having the smallpox only once. I imagine
that in both cases the mycelium must consume all the matter on which it can subsist.

Necessity of a general acquaintance with the outlines of Geology. A time in which there was no life possible on
the globe Length of this period On the formation of rocks. The record imperfect The three great periods in
animal life on the globe Paleozoic age Animal and vegetable life of this period The Mesozoic age Animal and
vegetable life of the period Advance noted Abundance of reptilian life First appearance of birds Nature's
methods of work The Cenozoic age Gelogocial outline Sketch of the Eocene age Of the Miocene age What is
sufficient proof of the presence of man Discussion of the Thenay flints The Pliocene age Animal and vegetable
life of this age Was man living during this age? Discussion of this subject Summing up the evidence Conclusion.
For a clear understanding of question relating to early man, a more or less extensive aquaintance with
Geology is required. This is by no means a difficulty task to accomplish. What so interesting as to understand at
least the outlines of the history of life o the globe? To see how, following a definite plan, the vast continents
have grown to their present size and form; to see how animal and vegetable life have evolved succesively
higher and higher forms; to see where in this woundrous drama of creation, this strange unfolding of life, the
first flint, indecisive traces of man's presence are to be found; to learn what great changes in climate, in
Geology, and in life, had occurred before man's appearance, let us pass in brief review the history of early
geological periods. as we have already stated, there must have been a very long period of time during which no
life was possible on the globe. Of this era we know but little; for we find no strata of rocks of an earlier date
than we know life, in its simpliest form, to have existed.-2- Still we are not less confident of the existence of this
era, and the mind can dimly comprehend the scene, when a nearly shoreless ocean surged around the globe.-3-
As to the extend of time during which there was no life, we have no means of determining. That it was almost
infinitely long is made apparent by the reseraches of eminent scholars on the cooling  of love. Toward the close
of this extended period of time faint traces of life appear. Not life as we are apt to think of it. No nodding
flowers were kissed by the sunshine of this early time. The earliest forms of flowerless plants, such as sea-
weeds, and in dry places possibly lichens covering the rocks, were the highest forms of vegetable life. Animal
life, if present, for the fact is denied by some, occurs in the very lowest form, merely structureless bodies, with
no especial organs of sense, or nutrition; and their motion consisting simply in protruding and withdrawing
hair-line processes.-4- Such was the beginning of life. This vast period of time, which includes the beginning is
known among geologists as Archean time. From the close of this age, the history of life properly commences. It
might be well to explain the means which the geologist uses to interpret the history of the globe. It is now
understood that the forces of nature have always produced the same results as they do now. From the very
earliest time to the present, rocks have been forming.

	She watched every movement of his features, at these critical moments when he seemed just falling into the
	snares so artfully set for him When she caught his eye glowing with passionate admiration, she shyly affected
	to withdraw he is from his gaze, turning on him at times flashes of her dark eyes which electrified every nerve of
	his sensuous nature. She felt the pressure of his hand, the changed and softened inflection of his voice, she
	knew the words of her fate were trembling on his lips, and yet they did not come! The shadow of that pale hand