snatch away the words which Angelique, trembling with anticipation, was ready to barrer away body and soul
to hear spoken. In a shady passage through a thick greenery where the lights were dimmer and no one was
near, whe allowed his arm form a moment to encircle her yielding form, and she knew by his quick breath that the
words were moulded in his thoughts, and were on the point to rush forth in atorrent of speech. Still they came
not, and Bigot again, to her snutterable disgust, shied off like a full-blooded horse shich starts suddenly away
from some object by the ways ide and throws his under headlong on the ground.

-26- This shows what a great advance had been made. But, eside all these we are here presented with
representatives of the order of Quadrumana, of foru-handed animals. Several genera of lemurs are found in
both America and Europe. Now the Quadrumana are the order below man. Therefore it seems that in the
Eocene period, all the forms of life below man are represented. The time seems to be at hand when we can
look, with some confidence, for traces of the presence of man himself. We must therefore be more cautious in
our investigations. The epoch following on after the Eocene is designates as the Miocene. We must remember
that, though recent in a geological sense, yet it is immensely remote when measured by the standard of years.
We must inquire into all the surroundings of this far away time. The geographical features must have been
widely different from the present. In the first place, the elevation of land to the north must have been sufficient
to have connected the land areas of the Northern Hemisphere North America, with Asia.-27-and Creenland
and this latter country must have been united with Iceland, and, through the British Islands, with Europe. But,
to compensate for this land mass to the north, large portions of Central and Southern Europe wre beneath the
waves.-28- The proof of this extended mass of land is to be found in the wide distribution of similar animals and
plants in the Miocene time. All the chief botanists are agreed that the north Polar regions was the center from
which plants peculiar to the Eocene and epochs spread into both Europe and America.-29- We may
mention that the famous big trees of California are simply remnants of a wide-spread growth of these trees in
Miocene times. They can be found in a fossil state at various places in British, America, in Greenland, and in
Europe. They are supposed to have originated somewhere in the north, and spread by these land connections we
have mentioned into both Europe and America. But his is not the only tree that grew in the Miocene forests of
both continents. The magnolia, tulip-tree, and swamp cypress are other instances.-30- Bleven species, growing
in the Rocky Mountain regions in Rocene times, found their way to Europe in the Miocene times,-31- driving

He felt that he had no solid ground upon which to accuse the Intendant in the special matter referred to in the
letters. He was, moreover, although hot in temperament, soon master of himself, and used to the hardest
discipline of self-control. "I was, perhaps, over hasty, Rigaud!" replied La Corne St. Lux, recovering his
composure; but when I think of Bigot in the past how can I but mistrust himein the present? However, be the
girl above ground or under ground, I will, par Dieu, not leave a stone turned in New France until I find the
lost child of my old friend! La Corne St. Luc pledges himself to that, and he never broke his word!" He spoke
the last words audibly, and looked hard at the Intendant. Bigot cursed him twenty times over between his teeth,
for he knew La Corne's indomitable energy and sagacity, that was never at fault in fincing or forcing a way to
whaterver he was in search of. It would not be long before he would discover the presence of a strange lady at
Beaumenoir, thought Bigot, and just as certain would he be to find out that she was the lost daughter of the
Baron de St. astin. The good Bishop rose up when the dispute we xed warnest between the Intendant and La
Corne St. Luc. His heart was eager to allay the strife; but his shrewd knowledge of human nature, and manifold
experience of human quarrels, taught him that between two such men the intercession of a priest world not, at
that moment, be of any avail. Their own notions of honor and self-respect would alone be able to retrain then
from rushing into inseemly excess of language and act; so the good Bishop stood with folded arms looking
on, and silently proving for an opportunity to remind them of the seventh goly beatitude. "Beati pacificil" Bigot
felt acutely the difficulty of the position he had been placed in by the act of La Pompadour, in sending her
despactch to the Governover instead of to himself. "Had she
suspected him?"

	The Sieur Corriveau ended his wicow hood by marrying Marie Exili, and soon died himself, leaving his whole
	fortune and one daughter, the image of her mother, to Marie. Marie Exil, ever in dread of the perquisitions of
	Desgrais, kept very quitet in her secluded home on the St. Lawrence, guarging her secret with a life-long
	apprehension, and but occasionally and in the darkest way practising her deadly skil.She found some 