dit La Corriveau, who worshipped all that was evil her mother and in spite of an occasional reluctance,
springing from some material instinct drew from her every secrect of her life. She made herself mistress of the
whole formula of poisoning as taught by her grand father Exili, and of the arts of sorcery practised by her
wicked grandmother, La Votsin. As La Corriveau listened to the tale of the burning of her grandmother on the
Place de Greve, her own soul seemed bathed in the flames which rose from the faggots, and which to her
perverted reason appeared as the fires of cruel injustice, calling for revenge upon the whole race of the
oppressors of her family, as she regarded the punishers of their crimes. With such a paraentage, and such dark
secrets prooding in her bosom, Marie Josephte,or, as she was commonly called, La Corriveaus, had nothing in
common with the simple peasanry among whom she lived. Year passed over her, youth fled, and La Corriveaus
still sat in her house, eating her heart out, silent and solitary. After the death of her mother, some whispers of
hidden treasures known only to herself a rumor which she had cummingly set afloat, excited the cupidity of
Louis dodier, a simple habitan of St. Valier, and drw him into a marriage with her. It was a barren union. No
child followed, with God's grace in its little hands, to create a mother's feelings and soften the callois heart of
La Corriveau.

!You have no  right to ask taht! Neither shall you, Count e La Calissoniere. Bit I will myself answer the
despatch of Madame la Mareuise de Pompadour! I know no more perhaps less, than, yourself or the Chevalier
La Come St. Luc, where to loof for the daughter of the Baron de St. Castin; and I proclaim here that I am ready
to crosswords with the first gentleman who shall dare breathe a syllable of doubt against the word of Francois
Bigto!" arin and Penisault exchanged a rapid galnce, partly of doubt, party of surprise. They knewwell, for
Bigot had not concraled from his intimate associates the fact that a strange lady, whose name they had not
heard, was living in the secret chambers of the Chateaus of Beaumanoir. Bigot never told any who she was or
whence she came. Whatever suspicion they might entertain in their own minds, they were too wary to express it.
On the contrary, Verin, ever more ready with a lie than Bigot, confirmed with a loud oauth the statement of the
Intendant, a Corne St. Lucklooked live a baffled lion as Rigaud de Vaudreveil, with the familiarity of an old
friend, laid his hand over his mouth, and would not let him speak. Riaud feared the coming challenge, and
shispered audibly in the ear of St. Luc,-- "Court a hundred before you speak, La Corne! The Intendant is to be
taken on his word just at present, like any other gentleman! Fight for fact, not for fancy. Be prudent, La Corne!
we know nonthing to the contrary of what Bigot swears to!" "But I doubt much to the contrary, Rigoud!" replied
La Corne, with accent of scorn and incredutily. The old soldier chafed hard ender the bit, but his suspicions
were not facts.

	-16- We must now turn our attention to the culture of the Cave-men. We must refelt that long ages, with great
	changes of climate and life, both animal and vegetable have rolled away since the remains of these early races
	were sealed by the stalagmite formation in caves. The relics at their best are but scanty memorials of a people
	long since passed, and we can not expect, can not hope to recover more than a genreral outline. But his will be
	found full of interest, for it is a picture of Paleolithic life and times existing in Europe long ages before the
	pyramids of Egypt were uplifted. With respect to habitations, we have already seen that he took up his abode in
	caves, at least where they were suitable. According to their depth and light penetrating them, he either
	occupied the whole extend of them, or established himself in the outlet only. About the center of the cave some
	slabs of stone, selected form the hardest rock such as sandstone or slate, were bedded down in the ground, and
	formed the hearth for cooking his food. But in no country are such resorts sufficiently numerous to shelter a
	larger population; besides, they, are generally at some distance from the fertile plains, where game would be
	most abundant. In such cases they doubtless constructed rude huts of boughs, skins, or other materials. Such an
	out-door settlement was the station at Solutre, France where has been found an immnense number of bones of
	horses, reindeers, also, though in less abundance, those of elephants, aurochs, and great lions.-17- Where no
	cave presented itself, these people made for themselves convenient sheltering places under the caves of some
	great overhanging rock. It various places in France such resorts have been discovered. The name of "rock
	shelteres" has been given to such resorts. In such places, where we may suppose they buitl rude huts are found
	rich deposits of the bones of mammals, birds, and fishes, as well implements of bone and horn. We have 
	frequently referred to the presence of hearths, showing that they used fire. Like other rude races, it is probable
	that they obtained fire by the friction of one piece of wood upon another. M. Dupont found in one of the Belgium