as to the probable condition of man before he obtained a knowledge of fire. If the acquisition of fire be regarded
as one of the result of human endeavor, it must surely be classed as one of the most valuable discoveries which
mankind has made. We do not believe however, that we shall ever discover relics of races or tribes of men so
low in the scale as to be ignorant of the use of fire. Even some of the flints which M. Bourgeois would refer to
the Miocene Age show evidence of its action.

Her feet were small and well-shod, like a lady's, as the envious neighbors used to say. She never in her life
would wear the sabots of the peacant women, nor go barefoot, as many of them did, about the house. La
Corriveau was vain of her felt, which would have made her fortune, as she thought with bitterness, anywhere
but in St. Valier. She sat musing in her chair, not noticing the presence of her niece, who stood for a moment
looking and hesitating before accosting her. Her countenance bore, when she was alone, in expression of
malignity which made Fanchon shudder. A quick unconscious twitching of the fingers accompanied her
thoughts, as if this weird woman was playing a game of mora with the evil genius that waited on her. Her
grandsure Exili had the same nervous twitching of his fingers, and the vulgar accused him of playing at more
with the Devil, who ever accompanied him, they believed. The lips of La Corriveaus moved in unison with her
thoughts. She was giving expression to her habitual contempt for her sex as she crooned over, in a sufficiently
audible voice to reach the ear of Fanchon, a hateful song of Jean Le Maung on women: "Toutes vous etes, serez
ou futes, De fait ou de volont putes!" "It is not nice to say that, Aunt Maire" exclaimed Fanchon, coming
forward an embracing La Corriveaus who gave a start seeing her niece so unexpectadly before her. "It is
not nice, and it is not true!" "But it is true, Fanchon Dodier! if it be not nice. There is nothing niece to be said of
our sex except by foolish men! Women know one anoher better! But, "continued she, scrutinizing her niece
with her keen black eyes, which seemed to pierce her through and through, "what ill wind or Satan" errand has
brough you to St. Valier to-day. Fanchon?" "No ill wind, nor ill errand either, I hope, aunt. I come by

The position then of the scientific world as to the Pliocene Age of man is, on the whole, more decided in its
favo than for the Miocene Age. Quitera number of eminent scholars, whose conclusions are worthy of all
respect, unhesitatingly affirm the existence of Pliocene man in Europe. Others are not quite ready to admit his
existence in Europe, but do think he was in existence elsewhere. Still others, with all due respect for the
discoveries of Capelini, think it more prudent to await further discoveries. The reader, who has followed us
through this brief outline of the past, can join which of the classes he will, and be sure of finding himself in
good company. This completes our revie of past geological ages. With the termination of the Pliocene Age we

command of my mistress to ask you to go to the city; she is biting her nails off with impatience to see you on
some business." "And who is your mistress, who dares to ask La Corriveaus to go to the city at her bidding?"
"Do not be angry, aunt," replied Fanchon, soothingly. "It was I counselled her to sen for you, and offered to
fetch you. My misress is a high lady, who expects to be still higher--Mademoiselle des Meloises!

"Yes! go in by the exaulted passage and knock at the secret door. She will admit you. But what will you do with
her, Dame Dodier? Is she doomed? Could you not be gentle with her, dame?" There was a fall in the voice of
Mere Malheur,-- as intonation partly due to fear of consequences, partly to a fibre of pity which--dryand
melted  four old dry heart to pity, Mere Malheur. Ha, ha who world have thought that and yet I remember she
made a soft fool of me for a minute in the wood of St. Valier!" La Corriveau spoke in a hard tone, as if in
reproving Mere Malheur she was also reproving herself. "She is unlike any other woman I ever saw," replied
the crone, ashamed of her unvonted sympathy. "The deveil is clean out of her is he is out of a church" "You are
a fool, Mere Malheur! Out of a church quotha!" and La Corriveaus laughed a loud laugh; "why I go to church
myself, and whisper my prayers backwards to keep on terms with the devil, who stands nodding behind the altar
to everyone of my petitions,-- that is more than some people get in return for their prayers," added she, "I pray
backwards in church too, dame, but I could never get sight of him there, as you do: something always blinds
me!" and the two old sinners laughed together at the thought of the devil's litanies they recited in the church.

	Mere Malheur's arrival at Beaumanoir was speedily known to all the servants of the Chateau. She did no often
	vist them, but when she did there was hurried recied of an Ave or two to avert any harm, folowed by a 