grave questions of love, jealousy, money, and marriage, which fermented secretly or openly in the bosoms of all 
of them. They were but human beings, food for imposture and preyed on by deceivers. The visit of Mere
Malheur was an event of interest in both kitchen and laundry of the Chateau Dame Tremblay had the first 
claim, however, upon this singular visitors. She met her at the back door of the Chateau, and with a face 
beaming with smiles, and dropping all dignity, exclaimed,-- "Mere Matleur upon my life! Welcome, you wicked 
old soul you surely knew I wanted to see you! come in and rest! you must be tired, unless you came on a 
broom! ha! ha! come to my room and never mind anybody!" This last remark was made for the benefit of the 
servant who stood peeping at every door and corner, not daring to speak to the old woman in the presence of 
the housekeeper, but knowing that their time would come, they had patience. The housekeeper, giving them a 
severe look, proceeded to her own snug apartment followed by the crone, whom she seated in her easiest chair 
and proceeded to refresh with a glass of cognac, which was swallowed with much relish and wiping of lips, 
accompanied by a little artificial cough. Dame Tremblay kept a carafe of it in her room to raise the temperature 
besides mine," replied Angelique mechanically, yet feeling easier upon learning the departure of La Corriveau"
Perhaps so, my Lady. I am glad she is gone home. I shall never wish to see her again." 

"Why?" asked Angelique, sharply, wondering if Fanchon had conjectured anything of her aunt's business. "They 
say she has dealing with the horrid Mere Moulheur, and I belied it," replied Fanchon with a shrug of disgust. 
"Ah! do you think Mere Mailheur knows her business or any of your aunt's secrets, Fanchon?" asked Angelique, 
thoroughly roused, "I think she does, my Lady,-- you cannot live in a chimney with another without both getting 
black alike, and Mere Malheur is a black witch is sure a my aunt is a white one," was Fanchon's reply. "What 
said your aunt on having?" asked her mistress. "I did not see her leave, my Landy; I only learned from Ambroiose 
Gariep that she had crossed the river this morning to return to St. Valier." And who is Ambroise Gariepy, 
Fanchon? You have a wide circle of aquaintance for a young girl I think!" Angelique knew the dangers of 
gossiping too well not to fear Fanchon's imprudences. "Yes, my Lady," replied Fanchon with affect simplicity, 
"Ambroise Gariepy keeps the Lion Vert and the ferry upon the souch shore; he brings me new and sometimes a
little present from the pack of the Basque pedlers--he brought me this comb, my Lady!" Fanchon turned her 
head to show her mistress as supero comb in her thick black hair, and in her delight of taking of Ambroise 
Gariepy, the little of the ferry, and the cross that leaned like a failing memory over the grave of his former 
wife, Fanchon quite forgot to ease her mind further on the subject of La Corriveau, nor did Angelique resume. 
The dangerous topic Fanchor's easy, shallow way of talking of her lover touched a sympathetic chord in the 
breast her mistress. Grand passions were grand follies in Angelique's estimation, which she was less capable 
of appreciating than even her maid; in flirtation and coquetry, skin-deep only, she could understand, and 
relished beyond all other enjoyments. It was just now like medicine to her racing thoughts to listen to 
Fanchon's shallow gossip. She had do what she had done, she reflected, an it could not be undone! Why 
should she give way to regret and lose the prize for which she had staked so heavily? 

	She could not do it! No, par Dieu! She had thrown 1e Gardeur to the fishes for the sake of the Intendant and 
	had one that other deed! She shied of from the thought of it as from an uncouth thing in the dark, and began to 
	feel shame of the weakness at having fainted the tale of La Corriveau. The light talk of Fanchon while 
	dressing the long golden hair of her mistress and assisting her put on a new riding-dress and the plume hat 
	fresh from Paril, which she had no yet displayed in public, did much to restore her eauanimity. Her face had, 
	however, not recovered from its strange pallor. Her eager maid anxious for the look of her mistress, insisted 
	on a little rouge which Angelique's natural bloom had never before needed. She submitted, for she intended to 
	look her best to-day, she said. "Who knows whom I shall fall in with?" That is right, my Lady" exclaimed 
	Fanchon admiringly, "no one could be dressed perfect as you are and be sick! I pity the gentleman you meet 
	to-day that is all! There is murder in your eye, my Lady!" Poor Fanchon believed she was only complimenting 
	her mistress, and. at other rimes her remark would only have called forth a joyous laugh; now the word seemed 
	like sharp knife; it cut, and Angelique did not laugh. She pushed her maid forcibly way from her, and was on 
	the point of breaking out into some violent exclamation when, recalled by the amazed look of Fanchon, she 
	turned the subject adroitly and asked, "Where is my brother?" "Gone with the Chevalier de Peah to the Palace, 
	my Lady!" replied Fanchon, trembling all over, and wondering how she had angered her mistress. "How know 
	you that, Fanchon" asked Angelique, recovering her ussual careless tone. "I overheard them speaking together,