what then?" Angelique was struck with a sudden consciousness of danger in the wind. "Are ou sure they said
"But how to get to Beaumanoir? I shall have to walk, as you did, Mere Malheur. It is a vile road, and I must
take the byway through the forest. It were worth my life to be seen on this visit," said La Corriveau, conning on
her fingers the difficulties of the by- path, which she was well acquainted with, however "There is a moon after
nine, by which hour you can reach the wood of Beaumanoir," observed the crone. "Are ou sure you know the
way, Dame Dodier?" "As well as the way into my gown. I know an Indian canotier who will ferry me across to
Beauport, and say, nothing. I dare not allow that prying knave Jean Le Nocker, or his sharp wife, to mark my
movements." "Well thought of, Dame Dodier; you are of a craft and subtlety to cheat Satan himself at a game of
hide and seek!" The crone looked with genuine admiration, almost worship, at La Corriveaus as she said this,

the Intendant was sick?" asked she. "Yes, my Lady! and the Chevalier de Peon said that he was less sick than
mad, and out of humor to degree he had never seen him before!" "Did they give a reason for it? that is, for the
Intendnat's sickness or madness?" Angelique's eyes were fixed keenly upon her maid, to draw out a full
confession. "None, my Lady, only the Chevalier des Meloises said he supposed it was the new from France
which sat so ill on his stomach." "Andrew hat then, Fanchon? you are so long of answering!" Angelique stamped
her foot with impatience. Fanchon looked up at the reproof so little merited, and replied quickly. "The Chevalier
de Pean said it must be that, for he knew of nothing else. The gentlemen then went out and I heard no more."
Angelique was relieved by this turn of conversation. She felt certain that if Bigot discoverd the murder he
would not fail to reveal it to the Chevalier de Pean, who was understood to be the depository of all his secrets.
She began to cheer up under the belier taht Bigot would never dare accuse any of a deed which would be
the means of proclaiming his own falseones and duplicity towards the King and the Marquise de Pompadour.

"I have only to deny all knowledge of it," said she to herself, "swear to it if need e, and Bigot will not dare to
go farther in the matter. Then will come my tim to turn the tables upon him in a way he little experts! Pshaw!"
continued she, glancing at her gay hat in the mirror, and with her own dainty fingers setting the feather more.

the result of her interview with Caroline. Mere Malheur wa wary, and accustomed to fence with words. It was
necessary to tell a long tale of circumstances to Dame Tramblay, but not necessary nor desirable to tell the
truth. The old cone therefore, as soon as she had seated herself in the easy chair of the housekeeper and
refreshed herself by twice accepting the dame's pressing invitation to tea and cognac, related with uplifted
hands and shaking head a narrative of bold lies regarding what had really passed uring her interview with
Caroline. "But who is she, Mere Malheur? Di she tell you her name? Did seh show ou her palm?" Both,
dame, both! She is a girl of Ville Marle who has run away from her parents for love of the gallant Intendant
and is inhiding from them. They wanted to put her into the Convent to cure her of love. The Convent alway
cure love, dame, beyond the power of philtres to revive it" and the old crone laughedinwardly to herself, as if
she doubted her own saying. Eager to return to La Corriveau with the account of her succesful interview with
Caroline, she bade Dame Tremblay a casty but formal farewell, and with he crutched seick in her hand trudged
stoutly back to the city. Mere Malheur, while the sun was yet high, reached her cottage under the rock, where
La Corriveau was eargerly expecting her at the window. The moment she entered, the masculine voice of La
Corriveaus was heard asking loudly,-- "Have ou seen her, Mere Malheur? Did you give her the letter? Never 
mind your hat! tell me before you take it off!"

	-18- Warlike implements are, of course, quite common. Many of the axes found are probably war axes. Then
	besides we haven arrow heads, speares and daggers. These are considered to be "mareves of skill in flint
	chipping."-19- Stone was used for a great many other purposes such as seraper, sling-stones, hammers, saws,
	and so on. Flint was generally the kind of stone used. Our civilization owes a great deal to this variety of stone.
	It is not only hard, but its cleavage is such that it was of the greatest use to primitive man. In a general way the
	Neolithic stone implements are seen to be better adapted to the object in view than the Paleolithic specimens.
	They are also generally polished. Wood was argely used in their common household implements. But it is only
	in exceptional cases that it has been preserved to us. They have been recovered, howerver, inpeat-hogs and in
	the remains of lake settlements. These wooden utensils consist of bowls, ladles, knives, tubs, etc. They used fire
	to hollow them out, and the blows of the flint hatchet used to remove the charred portions are still to be
	observed in some specimens. Neolithic Weapons. The Neolithic people had learned how to manufacture