introduced. The material is clay mixed with gravel or pounded shells. Very often they ornamented their clay 
vessels with lines an dots. The bowls or jars were evidently suspended by cords, for the bottom was made too
rounding for them to stand erect. Besides, we find the holes for the cords, and in some places handles.
Illustrations of Ax in Sheath, and Hafted Hatchet in Sheath. No notice of Neolithic tools would be complete
without mentioning the use made of horn and bore. One peculiar use for which they employed horn was as a
socket for holding other implements. Thus this figure show us an ax in a socket of horn. The midle of the
socket is generally perforated with a round or oval hole, intended to receive a handle of oak, birch, or some
other kind of wood adapted for such a use. The cut below represent a hatchet of this kind. A number of these
socket have been found, which were provide at the end opposite to the stone hatchet with a strong aid pointed
tooth. These are boars' tusks, firmly buried in the stag's horn.

The old crone was tugging at the strings, and La Corriveaus came to help her "Yes! she took you letter,"
replied she, impatiently, "She took my story like spring water. Go at the stroke of twelve to-morrow night and
she will let you in, Dame Dodier; but will she let you out again, eh?" The crone stood with her hat in her hand,
and looked with wicked glance at La Corriveau. "If she will let me in, I shall let myself out, Mere Malheur,"
replied  Corriveaus in a low tone. "But why do you ask that?" "Because I read mischief in your eye and see it
twitching in your thumb, and you do not ask me to share your secret. Is it so bad as that, Dame Dodier?"
"Pshaw you are sharing it! wait and you will se your share of it! But tellme, Mere Melheu, how does she
look, this mysterious lady of the Chateau?" La Corrriveaus at down, and placed her long, thin hand on the arm
of the old crone. "Like one doomed to die, because she is too good to live. Sorrow is a back pasture for a young
nature like her to feed on, Dame Dodier!" was she answer, but it did not change a muscle on the face of La
Corriveau. "Ay! but there are worse pastures that sorrow for young creatures like her, and she has found one
of them," she replied, coldly. "Well as we make our bed so must welie on it, Dame Dodier,--that is what I
always tell the silly young things who come to me asking their forutunes; and the proverb please them. They
always think the bridal bed must be soft and well made, at any rate." "They are fools! better make their death-
bed than their bridal bed! But I must see this piece of perfection of our to-morrow night, dame! The Intendant
return in two days and he might remove her. Did she tell you about him?" "No! Bigot is a devil more powerful
than the one we serve, dame. I fear him." "Tut! I fear neither devil nor man. It was to be at the hour of twelve!
Did you not say at the hour of twelve, Mere Malheur?"

appearance this was scarcely distinguishable from a mound, but on digging in we discover a series of large
chambers, built generally with stones of considerable size, end converging toward the center, where an opening
appears to have been left for light and ventilation. In some instance the mound was omitted, and we have
simply a cluster of joining huts, with dry, thick walls. These have been appropriatedly name "Bee-hize Houses"

rought to the attention of the scientific world  what he considers ample evidence of the presence of Pliocene
man in California. We reserve this for discussion in another place. We will only remark, at present, that the
evidence in this cases is regarded as sufficient by some of the best of American Scholars.

	-57- We simply mention them here, to that they may be borne in mind when we see what evidence Europe has to
	offer on this point. In 1863 M. Deskoyers, of France, discovered in a straum which he considered Pliocene,
	some bones of elephants and other animals cut and scratched in such a manner that he considered the cuts to be
	the work of man. As showing how cautious geologist are of accepting such conclusions, we mention this case.
	There was found in the same bed the remains of an extinct beavor. The question was at once raised, whether
	rodents by gnawing these bones could not have produced the cuts in question. Sir Charles Lyell, by actual
	experiments in the Zoological Gardens in London, soon showed that this was probably the fact.-58-  Yet Sir John
	Lubbock thinks it quite likely some of them were of human origin. -59- Subsequently, however, M. Bourgeous
	discovered in the same bed worked flints, about the human origin of which there seems to be no doubt; -60- but a
	more careful study of the formation in which they occur has raised questions as to its age. Though usually held
	to be Pliocene, some careful observer consider it to be of a later age. Geologists can not be accused of rashly
	accepting statements as to the antiquety of man. In 1867 there was discovered, in Northern Italy, a human skull
	in a railway cutting at a depth of nearly fifty feet. This stratum contains remains of several Pliocene animals.
	This is held to prove the existence of Pliocene man by several eminent observers, amongst other Prof. Cocchi,