conditions as render it certain that the stratum had been undisturbed, and so does not prove to a certainty that 
it was of the same age as the stratum. -62- And Mr. Geike thinks that the stratum itself of a later age than the 
Pliocene-63- It is but right that geologists should thus carefully scan all the evidence produced. Cut on Bones 
of a Whale from Pliocene Deposit. 

find ourselves on firmer ground. We only wish to call attention once more to the gradual unfolding of life. We 
see that the rule has been that everywhere the lower forms of life precede the higher. In the plant word 
flowerless plants preced the flowering ones. The coal we burn to day is mainly the remains of the wonderful  
growth of the flowerless vegetation of the Paleozoic Ace. When flowering plants appear, it is the lower forms of
them at first. It was long ages before trees with a deciduous leaves appeared. The growth of animal lift is equally 
instructive. First invertebrate life, then the lowest forms of vertebrate life. The fishes are followed by
amphibians then reptiles, the birds. The first animmal to appear was the lowest organized of all the 
marsupials. And we have seen the sudden increase of mammalian 1ife in Tertary times. We notice, in all the 
division of life, a beginning, culmination, and a declined. There has never been such a growth of flowerless 
plants at in the Paleozoic, and flowering plants probably culminated in the Miocene. The same rule holds good 
for the animal world also. As man is the most highly organized of all the animals, we can not hope to find any 
evidence of his presence until we find proofs of the presence of all the lower types of life. Of course future 
discoveries may change our knowledge when the series is a complete; but, from our present stand-point, he could 
not had lived before the Miocene Age, and we have seen how faint and indecisive are the proofs of his presence 
even then. But should it finally be proved, beyond all dispute, that man did in the Miocene Age, we must
observe that this is but a small portion, but a minute fraction of the great lapse of time since life appeared on 
the globe. We are a creation of but yesterday, even granting, all that the most enthusiastic believer in the 
antiquity of man can claim. When we talk of first appearance, we mean the discovery of remains. All who
believe in the doctrine of evolution, know that the class Mammalia must have appeared early in Paleozoic times. 
Thus, Mr. Wallace says, "Bats and whales strange modifications of mammal appear perfectly well developed in
the Eocene. What countless ages back must we go for the origin of these groups the whales from some ancestral
carnivorous animal the bats from the insectivoral" and even when we have to seek for the common origin of 
these groups at far earlier periods. "So that, on the lowest estimate, we must place the origin of the Mammalia
very far back in Paleozoic times." 

But the reward shall be measured in my own bushell, nor in yours. Mademoiselle des Meloises, when the deed 
done!" La Corriveau in the powers such a secret would enable her to exercise over Angelique. She already 
regarded the half of her reputed riches as her own. "Neither she non the Intenant will ever dare neglect me 
after that!" said she "When once Angelique shall be linked in with me by a secret compact of blood, the fortune 
of La Corriveau is made. If the death of this girl be the elixir of life to you, it shall be the touchstone of fortune 
forever to La Corriveau!" Mere Malheur was next day despatched on visit to her old gossip, Dame Tremblay, 
She had been well tutored on every point, what to say and low to demean herself. She bore a letter to Caroline
 written in the Italian hand of La Corriveau, who had learned to write well from her mother, Marie Exili. The 
 mere posession of the art of writing was a rarity in those days in the class among whom she lived. La 
 Corriveau's ability to write at all was a circumstance as remarkable to her illeterate neighbors as the possession 
 of the black art with the ascribed to her, and not without a strong suspicion that it had the same origin. Mere 
 Malheur, in anticipation of a cup of tea and brandy with Dame Tremblay, had dressed herself with some 
 appearance of smartness in a clean strpped gown of linsey. A peaked Artois hat surmounted a broad-frilled cap
 which left visible some tresses of coarse gray hair and a pair of silver ear-rings, which dangled with every 
 motion her head. 

	Her shoes displayed broad buckles of brass, an her short petticoat showed a pair of stout ankles enclosed in 
	red clocked stockings. She arrived a crutched stick in her hand, by help of which she proceeded vigorously on 
	her journey. Starting in the morning she trudged out of the city towards the ferry of Jean Le Nocher, who 
	carefully crossed himself and his body too as he took Mere Malheur on boad. He wafled her over in a hurry, as 
	something to be got rid of as quickly as possible. Mere Malheur ramped on, like a heavy gnome, through the 
	fallen and flying leaves of the woods of Beaumanoir, caring nothing for the golden, hexy shy, the soft, balmy air, 
	or the varicolored leaves-- scarlet, yellow, and brown, of every shade and tinge--that hung upon the autumnal