Indian summer,--that brief time of glory and enhantment which visits us like a gaudy herald to announce the
approach of the Winter King. It is Natures's last rejoicing in the sunshine and the open air, like the splendor and
gaiety of a maiden devoted to the cloister, who far a few weeks is allowed toflutter like a bird of paradise amid
the pleasures and gaieties of the world and then comes the end. Her locks of pride are shorn off; she veils her
beauty, and kneels e nun on the cold stones of her passioness cell, out of which, even with repentance there
comes no deliverance.

Beginning of the Glacial Age Inter glacial Age Man living in Europe during this age Map of Europe Proof of
former elevation of land The animals living in Europe during this age Conclusions drawn from these different
animal. The vegetation of this period Different climatic condition of Europe during the Glacial Age Proofs of a
Glacial Age Extent of the Glacial Ice Evidence of warm Inter-glacial Age The primitive state of man Early
English ciilization View of Horace Primitve man destitute o metals Order in which different materials were
used by man for weapons Evidence, from the River Somme History of Bucher de Perther's investigations
Discussion of the subject Antiquity of these remains Improvement during Paleolithic Age Description of the flint
implements Other countries where these implements are found What race of men were these tribes The Constadt
race Mr. Dawkins views When did they first appear in Europe The authorities on this question Conclusion
The terciary age, with its wonderful wealth of animal and plant life, gradually drew to its close. In our
"Outline" we have named the period that next ensued the Glacial Age. -2- This was sufficiently exact for or
purpose the, but we must remember this is the name-3- for a long series of years. During this period great
change in climate occurred. At its commencement, a genial temperate climate prevailed throughout Europe;
and this, as we know, was preceded, during the Miocene Age, by a warm tropical one.-4- This succession, then,
shows as that, for some reason or other the climate had been gradually growing colder. This change went
forward uninterruptedly. Doubtless very gradually, from century to century, the season grew more end more
severe, until, finally, the Summer's sun no longer cleared the mountains of the Winter's snow. This was the
beginning of he Glacial Age proper. The best authorities also suppose the the reign of snow and ice was
broken by at least one return possibly more) of genial climate, when animals and plants form the south again
visited the countries of Northern Europe only, however, to be once more driven forth by a return of arctic cold
But finally, before the increasing warrnth of a genial Climate, the galciers vanished, not to return again, and the
Glacial Age became merged in that of the present.

It is no longer a question that man lived in Europe during the largest portion of this age, if not from the
beginning. It is necessary, then, to come to a clear understanding of successive stages of this entire age, and
to trace the wonderful cycles of climate the strange mutation of heat and cold which must have exerted a
powerful influence on the life both animal and vegetable, of the period and see when we first find decisive
proofs of man's presence, and learn what we can of this condition. The map of Europe, at the close of Pliocene
times and the commencement of the Glacial Age, is of interest to us in several ways. From this it will be seen
that it was considerable more elevated than at the present. As this is no fancy sketch, but is based on facts, it is
well to outline then. Without the aid of man, land animals can not possibly pass from the mainland of a 

"Not all," was the reply; "the Reverend Father de Berey would have thrown it back with a vengeance. But I
confess, Le Mercier, the Padre is a bold fellow to pitch into the Honnetes Gems the way he does. I did not think
he would have ventured upon it here in the market, in face of so many habitans, who swear by the Bourgeois
Philibert." The bold denunciation by the preacher against the Honnets Gems and against the people's friend
and protector, the Bourgeois Philibert, caused a commotion in the crowd of habitans, who began to utter louder
and louder exclamations of dissent and remonstrance. A close observer would have noticed angry looks and
clenched fists in many parts of the crowd, pressing closer and closer round the platform. The signs of increasing

These instrument, therefore, fulfilled double purposes: they cut or crushed with one end and pierced with the
other. Sockets are also found which are not only provided with the boars' tusks, but are hollowed out at each
end, so as to hold two flint hatchets at once, as is seen in our next figure. Chisels and gouges were also
sometimes placed in bone handles. Portions of horn probably at times did duty as hoes. We give a 
representation of such an implement.-20-We must now seek some information as to how the men of the
Neolithic Age supported life. Sheath, with two Hatchets. Illustrations of Chiels in Sheath, and Horn Hoe.
from the remains of fish at all the lake settlemetns it is evident they formed no inconsiderable portion of their