going back indeed to a former Geological age that his first state was very low and rude that he has risen to his 
present high estate by means of his own exertions continued through long ages and from this form a prophecy of 
a golden age to come in the yet distant future, we shall feel that we have not written in vain. 

Necessity of a general acquaintance with the outlines of Geology A time in which ther e was no life possible on 
the globe Length of this per iod On the formation of rocks The record imperfect The three great periods in 
animal life on the globe Paleozoic age Animal and vegetable life of this period The Mesozoic age Animal and 
vegetable life of this period Advance noted Abundance of reptilian life First appearance of birds Nature's 
methods of work The Cenozoic age Geological outline Sketch of the Eocene age Of the Miocene age What is 
sufficient proof of the presence of man Discussion of the Thenay flints The Pliocene age Animal and vegetable 
life of this age Was man living during this age? Discussion of this subject Summing up the evidence Conclusion. 
For a clear understanding of questions relating to early man, a more or less extensive acquaintance with 
Geology is required. This is by no means a difficult task to accomplish. What so interesting as to understand at 
least the outlines of the his tory of life on the globe? To see how, following a definite plan, the vast continents 
have grown to their pr esent s ize and form; to see how animal and vegetable life have evolved successively 
higher and higher forms; to see wher e in this wondrous drama of cr eation, this strange unfolding of life, the 
first faint, indecisive traces of man's presence are to be found; to learn what great changes in climate, in 
Geogony, and in life, had occurred before man's appearance, let us pass in br ief review the history of early 
geological periods. As we have already stated, there must have been a very long period of time during which no 
life was possible on the globe. Of this era we know but little; for we find no strata of rocks of an earlier date 
than we know life, in its simplest forms, to have existed.-2- Still we are not less confident of the existence of this 
era, and the mind can dimly comprehend the scene, when a nearly shoreless ocean surged around the globe.-3- 
As to the extent of time during which there was no life, we have no means of determining. That it was almost 
infinitely long is made apparent by the researches of eminent scholars on the cooling of lava. Toward the close 
of this extended period of time faint traces of life appear. Not life as we are apt to think of it. No nodding 
flowers were kissed by the sunshine of this early time. The earliest forms of flowerless plants, such as sea- 
weeds, and in dry places possibly lichens covering the rocks, were the highest forms of vegetable life. Animal 
life, if present, for the fact is denied by some, occurs in the very lowest form, merely structureless bodies, with 
no especial organs of sense, or nutrition: and their motion consisting simply in protruding and withdrawing 
hair-like processes.-4- Such was the beginning of life. This vast period of time, which includes the beginning, is 
known among geologists as Archean time. From the close of this age, the history of life properly commences. It 
might be well to explain the means which the geologist uses to interpret the history of the globe. It is now 
understood that the forces of nature have always produced the same results as they do now. From the very 
earliest time to the present, rocks have been forming. 

There, where conditions were favorable, great beds of limestone, formed from shells and corals, ground up by 
the action of the sea-5- in other places, massive beds of sandstone or of sand, afterward consolidated into 
sandstone were depositing. On the land surface, in places, great beds of vegetable -i-debris--i- were being 
converted into coal. Now we can easily see how the remains of organic bodies, growing at the time of the 
formation of these beds, should be preserved in a fossil form. Limestone rocks are thickly studded in places with 
all sorts of marine formations. Coal fields reveal wonders of early vegetative growth. From sandstone rocks, 
and shaly beds, we learn strange stories of animal life at the time they were forming. From a careful study of 
these remains together with the formation in which they occur, not only in one locality but all over the earth, 
geologists have gradually unfolded the history of life on the globe. It is admitted that, at best, our knowledge in 
that direction is fragmentary. This arises from errors in observation as well as that fossil formations are rare, 
or at least localities where they are known to exist are but few. So our knowledge of the past is as if we were 
examining some record from which pages, chapters, and even volumes, have been extracted. Paleozoic Forest 
In consequence of this imperfect record we can not, as yet, trace a gradual successive growth from the low 
forms of animal and plant, life, that characterized the closing period of Archean time, to the highly organized 
types of the present. The record suddenly ceases and when we again pick up the thread we are surrounded by 
more advanced types, higher forms of life. Though we may hope that future discoveries will do much toward 
completing the records, we can not hope that they will ever really be perfected. So, from our present stand- 
point, the history of life on the globe falls naturally into three great divisions. 

-6- This is no more than we might expect, when we reflect that nature's laws are universal in their action, and 
that the world, as a whole, has been subjected to the same set of changes. The period following on after Archean 
time is called, by geologists, Paleozoic time. During the long course of time embraced in this age, the forms of