that the could not possibly have been introduced there size the deposition of the containing bed, it would of 
course prove that man was at least as old as the formation itself. But it happens that human remains in bed of a
previous geological age are very rare. Indeed, human remains in formations of the Pleistocene Age, -43- during
which we have ample testimony, as we shall see, of the presence of man, are very rar. The cases in which there
can be no doubt can be reckoned on the fingers. The explanation of this state of things is not at all difficult, for
it is only under very rare circumstance that portions of the bones of animals even larger than man are
preserved to us in geological strata. Vast numbers die and vanish away without leaving a trace behind them for
every fragmentary bone we recover. In the case of man we must remember that, in previous eras, he was present
in very small number; that, a wing to his intelligence, he would not be as liable to be drowned and swept away,
and so mingle his remains with beds of river detritus then forming as were animals. Mr. Lyell has made some
remarks on the draining of the Haarlem Lake by the government of Holland in 1853, which shows that even
favorable circumstances do not always preserve remains for future inspection. Though called a lake, this bodey
of water was an arm of the sea, covering about forty-five thousand acres. The population which had lived on the
shores of the lake was between thirty and forty thousand souls. "There had been many a shipwreck, and many a
naval fight on those waters, and hundreds of Dutch and Spanish soldiers and sailors had met thre with a
watery grave," yet not a solitary portion of the human skeleton was to be found in its bed.-44- Thus we see that,
in the majority of cases, we must rely on other evidence than the presence of human bones to prove the existence
of man in the geological periods of the past. In the case of the Haalem Lake again, there was found the wreck
of one or two vessels, and some ancient armor.

-18- Full-page picture of Rock Shelter at Bruniquel. The men of the Caves supported life by hunting. But a very
small part of their food supplied could have been drawn from the vegetable kingdom. When the climate was so
severe that Alpine nosses grew at Schussenreid, acorns and like nuts would be about all they could procure

	
	This is a veritable forest, but we see none of the beautiful flowers which we associate with tropical vegetation
	to-day. In the branches of the graceful tree-ferns, we will look in vain for birds. They were yet far in the future.
	Neither were there any of the higher orders of animal present. Not a single representative of the great class of
	mammals enlivened the depths of the forest. There were fishes in the waters, but not the fishes of to-day. Some 
	true reptiles and amphibians disported themselves in suampy jungles, but they were unimportant. Almost the
	only sound to break the stillness, was the human of marsh-loving insects, the whistling of the wind, and the roar of
	the tempests, which we may well believe raged with the  more than tropic severity of the presetn.-12- The time at
	last came for the dawning of a new era. Vast changes had been taking place in the geography of both
	continents. The regions to the south-west of the Green Mountains was upturned. The Alleghany Mountains were
	formed, and the region east of the Mississippi River became part of the stable land of the continent.-13- In
	Europe, nearly as great changes occurred. The concitions of life must have been greatly modified by these
	geographical changes. The life-forms bear testimony to this changed condition. Old forms die away, and are
	succeded by those approaching more nearly our own times. The name of this period is the Mesozoic time, or
	the period of middle life forms.-14- It is instructive to notice the steady advance in the type of life, both animal
	and vegetable. The abundant  flowerless vegetations of the coal formation of the preceding epoch dwindles away.
	but the flowering trees increase in number an importance until, in the closing period of Mesozoic time, we
	have trees with deciduous leaves. A great many of our forest trees had representatives in the forests of that
	epoch. Ichthyosaur. Palms and species like the big tree of California were growing side by side with species
	akin to our own common trees. But in the animal world there were many strange forms. This was the age of
	reptiles. They domineered on the land, in the air, and in the sea. On the land there stalked huge reptiles fifty and
	sixty feet long, and, when standing erect, at least thirty feet high.-15- Some of these huge creatures were
	carnivorous, living on other animals. Others fed on the foliage of trees. In the air, huge reptilian bats, vertable
	flying dragons with a spread of wings from ten to twenty feet, disported themselves.16- In the sea there swam
	great reptilian whales, seals, and walruses.17- There was a marvelous abundance of reptilian life. At the
	present day, these are not more than six species of reptiles in the whole world having a length of over fifteen
	feet, and not more than eighteen species exceeding ten feet in length. But form one limited locality, representing
	but one era of this age in England, there have been discovered four or fives species of carnivorous reptiles