brought to the attention of the scientific world what he considers ample evidence of the presence of Pliocene 
man in California. We reserve this for discussion in another place. We will only remark, at present, that the 
evidence in this case is regarded as sufficient by some of the bes t of American Scholars. 

-57- We simply mention them here, so that they may be borne in mind when we see what evidence Europe has to 
offer on this point. In 1863, M. Desnoyers, of France, discovered, in a stratum which he considered Pliocene, 
some bones of elephants and other animals cut and scratched in such a manner that he considered the cuts to be 
the work of man. As showing how cautious geologists are of accepting such conclusions, we mention this case. 
There was found in the same bed the remains of an extinct beaver. The question was at once raised, whether 
rodents by gnawing these bones could not have produced the cuts in question. Sir Charles Lyell, by actual 
experiments in the Zoological Gardens in London, soon showed that this was probably the fact.-58- Yet Sir John 
Lubbock thinks it quite likely some of them were of human origin.-59- Subsequently, however, M. Bourgeois 
discovered in the same bed worked flints, about the human origin of which there seems to be no doubt;-60- but a 
more careful study of the formation in which they occur has raised questions as to its age. Though usually held 
to be Pliocene, some careful observers consider it to be of a later age. Geologists can not be accused of rashly 
accepting statements as to the antiquity of man. In 1867 there was discover ed, in Northern Italy, a human skull 
in a railway cutting at a depth of nearly fifty feet. This stratum contains remains of several Pliocene animals. 
This is held to prove the existence of Pliocene man by several eminent observers, amongst others Prof. Cocchi, 
of Italy, and Forsyth Major.-61- But in this case Mr. Dawkins contends that it was not found under such 
conditions as render it certain that the stratum had been undisturbed, and so does not prove to a certainty that 
it was of the same age as the stratum.-62- And Mr. Geikie thinks that the stratum its elf is of a later age than the 
Pliocene.-63- It is but right that geologists should thus carefully scan all the evidence produced. Cut on Bones 
of a Whale from Pliocene Deposit. 

In 1876 Prof. Capellini discovered, in a Pliocene deposit in Italy, the bones of a whale, which were so marked 
with cuts and incisions that he thought the only explanation was to say they had been cut by men. In this case- 
64- ther e is no dispute as to the age of the stratum. Neither is there much doubt but that the cuts are the work of 
man. It is quite true that Mr. Evans has suggested that they may be the work of fishes. In this he is followed by 
Prof. Winchell.-65- But there appears to be little ground for such belief, because the cuts are all on the outside 
faces of rib-bones, and the outer faces of the backbones. From the position occupied by the remaining portions 
of the skeleton, Prof. Capellini is sure that the animal had run aground, and, in that condition, was discovered 
and killed by men, who then, by means of flint knives, cut away such portions of food as they wished. It must 
have been lying on its left side, since the cuts wer e all made on bones of the right.-66- It is not probable that 
fishes would have been apt to choose the outside faces of the ribs on the right side for their meals. These cut 
bones have been car efully examined by many competent men, who have agreed with Capellini that they are the 
work of men.-67- Mr. Dawkins thinks the cuts were artificial, but he says, "It is not, however, to my mind 
satisfactorily shown that these were obtained from undisturbed strata."-68- Now these bones have been found in 
several localities, always in Pliocene deposits, which formed the shores of the Pliocene sea.-69- Knowing how 
carefully geologists inquire into all the surroundings of a find, surely, if Capellini and others are the 
competent men they are admitted to be, they would have informed us long ago if they were not found in undisturbed strata. 
Mr. Dawkins also objects becaus e fragments of pottery were found in the s trata. "Pottery," says he, "was 
unknown in the Pleistocene Age,-70- and therefore is unlikely to have been found in the Pliocene."-71- Mr. 
Geikie says this objection is founded on a mistake, as Prof. Capellini told him the pottery was found lying on the 
surface, and was never for a moment imagined by him as belonging to the same age as the cut bones.-72- There 
is also the objection, that, inasmuch as all the mammals then alive except one have perished, it is more than 
likely that, had man been in existence then, he too would have disappeared. We consider ed this point fully when 
speculating as to the presence of man in the Miocene: so we have nothing further to offer. We might, however, 
suggest that, if the hippopotamus amongst mammals could survive all the changing time since the Pliocene, as it 
has done, it seems no more than fair to admit equal power of endurance to the human species. 

The position then of the scientific world as to the Pliocene Age of man is, on the whole, more decided in its 
favor than for the Miocene Age. Quite a number of eminent scholars, whose conclusions are worthy of all 
respect, unhesitatingly affirm the existence of Pliocene man in Europe. Others are not quite ready to admit his 
existence in Europe, but do think he was in existence elsewhere. Still others, with all due respect for the 
discoveries of Capellini, think it more prudent to await further discoveries. The reader, who has followed us 
through this brief outline of the past, can join which of the classes he will, and be sure of finding himself 
in good company. This completes our review of pas t geological ages. With the termination of the Pliocene Age we