which was afterwards published in the "Bull. Soc. Bot. Belg." XVII., 1878. The terms xenogamy, geitonogamy, 
and autogam y were first suggested by Kerner in 1876; their definition will be found at page 9 of Ogle's 
translation of Kerner's "Flowers and their Unbidden Guests," 1878. In xenogamy the pollen comes from 
another PLANT; in geitonogamy from another FLOWER on the same PLANT; in autogamy from the 
androecium of the fertilis ed FLOWER. Allogamy embraces xenogamy and geitonogamy.- Down, O ctober 4th, 
1877. I have now r ead your MS. The whole has interested me greatly, and is very clearly written. I wish that I 
had used some such terms as autogamy, xenogamy, etc...I entirely agree with you on the a priori probability of 
geitonogamy being more advantageous than autogamy; and I cannot remember having ever expressed a belief 
that autogamy, as a general rule, was better than geitonogamy; but the cases recorded by me seem too strong 
not to make me suspect that there was some unknown advantage in autogamy. In one place I insert the caution 
"if this be really the case," which you quote. -741-2. See "Cross and Self-Fertilisation," pages 352, 386. The 
phrase referred to occurs in both passages; that on page 386 is as follows: "We have also seen reason to 
suspect that self-fertilisation is in some peculiar manner beneficial to certain plants; but if this be really the 
case, the benefit thus der ived is far more than counterbalanced by a cross with a fresh s tock or with a slightly 
different variety." Errera and Gevaert conclude -pages 79-80- that the balance of the available evidence is in 
favour of the belief that geitonogamy is intermediate, in effectiveness, between autogamy and xenogamy.- I shall 
be very glad to be proved to be altogether in error on this point. Accept my thanks for pointing out the bad 
erratum at page 301. I hope that you will experim entise on inconspicuous flowers -741-3. See Miss Bateson, 
"Annals of Botany," 1888, page 255, "On the Cross-Fer tilisation of Inconspicuous Flowers:" Miss Bateson 
showed that Senecio vulgaris clearly profits by cross-fertilisation; Stellar ia media and Capsella bursa-pastoris 
less cer tainly.-; if I were not too old and too much occupied I would do so myself. Finally let me thank you for 
the kind manner in which you refer to my work, and with cordial good wishes for your success... 

LETTER 742. TO W. THISELTON-DYER. Down, October 9th, 1877. One line to thank you much about 
Mertensia. The former plant has begun to make new leaves, to m y great surprise, so that I shall be now 
well supplied. We have worked so well with the Averrhoa that unless the second species arrives in a very good state 
it would be superfluous to send it. I am heartily glad that you and Mrs. Dyer are going to have a holiday. I will 
look at you as a dead man for the next month, and nothing shall tempt me to trouble you. But before you enter 
your grave aid me if you can. I want seeds of three or four plants -not Leguminosae or Cruciferae- which 
produce large cotyledons. I know not in the least what plants have large cotyledons. Why I want to know is as 
follows: The cotyledons of Cassia go to sleep, and are sensitive to a touch; but what has surprised me much is 
that they are in constant movement up and down. So it is with the cotyledons of the cabbage, and therefore I am 
very curious to ascer tain how far this is general. 

LETTER 743. TO W. THISELTON-DYER. Down, October 11th -1877-. The fine lot of seeds arrived yesterday, 
and are all sown, and will be most useful. If you remember, pray thank Mr. Lynch for his aid. I had not thought 
of beech or sycamore, but they ar e now sown. Perhaps you may like to see a rough copy of the tracing of 
movements of one of the cotyledons of r ed cabbage, and you can throw it into the fire. A line joining the two 
cotyledons stood facing a north-east window, and the day was uniformly cloudy. A bristle was gummed to one 
cotyledon, and beyond it a triangular bit of card was fixed, and in front a vertical glass. A dot was made in 
the glass every quarter or half hour at the point where the end of the br istle and the apex of card coincided, and the 
dots were joined by straight lines. The observations were from 10 a.m. to 8.45 p.m. During this time the 
enclosed figure was described; but between 4 p.m. and 5.38 p.m. the cotyledon moved so that the prolonged line 
was beyond the limits of the glass, and the course is here shown by an imaginar y dotted line. The cotyledon 
of Primula sinensis moved in closely analogous manner, as do those of a Cassia. Hence I expect to find such 
movements very general with cotyledons, and I am inclined to look at them as the foundation for all the other 
adaptive movements of leaves. They certainly are of the so-called sleep of plants. I hope I have not bothered 
you. Do not answer. I am all on fir e at the work. I have had a short and very prosperous note from Asa Gray, 
who says Hooker is very prosperous, and both are tremendously hard at work. -743-1. "Hooker is coming over, 
and we are going in summer to the Rocky Mountains together, according to an old promise of mine." Asa Gray 
to G.F. Wright, May 24th, 1877 -"Letters of Asa Gray," II., page 666-.- 

LETTER 744. TO H. MULLER. Down, January 1st -1878?-. I must write two or three lines to thank you 
cordially for your very handsome and very interesting review of my last book in "Kosmos," which I have this 
minute finished. -744-1. "Forms of Flowers," 1877. H. Muller's article is in "Kosmos," II., page 286.- It is 
wonderful how you have picked out everything important in it. I am especially glad that you have called 
attention to the parallelism between illegitimate offspring of heterostyled plants and hybrids. Your previous