?then! I am free now: I have just delivered a letter to the Intendant from a lady at Beaumanoir, and got a crown for it. I will lay it on top of your eel pie, Max!" Angelique, from being simply amused at the conversation of the old beggars, became in an ins tant all eyes and ears at the words of Master Pothier. "Had you ever the fortune to see that lady at Beaumanoir?" asked Max, with more curiosity than was to be expected of one in his pos ition. "No; the letter was handed me by Dame Tremblay, with a cup of wine. But the Intendant gave me a crown when he read it. I never saw the Chevalier Bigot in better humor! That letter touched both his purse and his feelings. But how did you ever come to hear of the Lady of Beaumanoir?" "Oh, Bartemy and I hear everything at the gate of the Basse Ville! My Lord Bishop and Father Glapion of the Jesuits met in the gate one day and spoke of her, each asking the other if he knew who she was-- when up rode the Intendant; and the Bishop made free, as Bishops will, you know, to ques tion him whether he kept a lady at the Chateau. "'A round dozen of them, my Lord Bishop!' replied Bigot, laughing. La! It takes the Intendant to talk down a Bishop! He bade my Lor d not to trouble himself, the lady was under his tutelle! which I comprehended as little, as little--" "As you do your Nominy Dominy!" replied Pothier. "Don't be angry, Max, if I infer that the Intendant quoted Pigean -Tit. 2, 27-: 'Le Tuteur est comptable de sa gestion.'" "I don't care what the pigeons have to say to it--that is what the Intendant said!" replied Max, hotly, "and THAT, for your law grimoire, Mas ter Pothier!" Max snapped his fingers like the lock of his musket at Prague, to indicate what he meant by THAT! "Oh, inepte loquens! you don't understand either law or Latin, Max!" exclaimed Pothier, shaking his ragged wig with an air of pity. "I understand begging; and that is getting without cheating, and much more to the purpose," replied Max, hotly. "Look you, Master Pothier! you are learned as three curates; but I can get more money in the gate of the Basse Ville by simply standing still and crying out Pour l'amour de Dieu! than you with your budget of law lingo- jingo, running up and down the country until the dogs eat off the calves of your legs, as they say in the Nivernois." "Well, never mind what they say in the Nivernois about the calves of my legs! Bon coq ne fut jamais gras!--a game-cock is never fat--and that is Master Pothier dit Robin. Lean as are my calves, they will carry away as much of your eel pie to-night as thos e of the s toutest car ter in Quebec!" "And the pie is baked by this time; so let us be jogging!" interrupted Bartemy, rising. "Now give me your arm, Max! and with Master Pothier's on the other side, I shall walk to the Fleur-de-Lis straight as a steeple." The glorious prospect of supper made all three merry as crickets on a warm hear th, as they jogged over the pavement in their clouted shoes, little suspecting they had left a flame of anger in the breast of Angelique des Melois es, kindled by the few words of Pothier respecting the lady of Beaumanoir. Angelique recalled with bitterness that the rude bearer of the note had observed something that had touched the heart and opened the purse of the Intendant. What was it? Was Bigot playing a game with Angelique des Meloises? Woe to him and the lady of Beaumanoir if he was! As she sat musing over it a knock was heard on the door of her boudoir. She left the balcony and reentered her room, where a neat, comely girl in a servant's dress was waiting to s peak to her. The gir l was not known to Angelique. But courtesying very low, she informed her that she was Fanchon Dodier, a cousin of Lizette's. She had been in service at the Chateau of Beaumanoir, but had just left it. "There is no living under Dame Tremblay," said she, "if she suspect a maid servant of flirting ever so little with M. Froumois, the handsome valet of the Intendant! She imagined that I did; and such a life as she has led me, my Lady! So I came to the city to ask advice of cousin Liz ette, and s eek a new place. I am sure Dame Tremblay need not be so hard upon the maids. She is always boasting of her own triumphs when she was the Charming Josephine." "And Lizette referred you to m e?" asked Angelique, too occupied just now to mind the gossip about Dame Tremblay, which another tim e she would have enjoyed immensely. She eyed the girl with intense curiosity; for might she not tell her something of the secr et over which she was eating her hear t out? "Yes, my Lady! Lizette r eferred me to you, and told me to be ver y circumspect indeed about what I said touching the Intendant, but simply to ask if you would take me into your service. Lizette need not have warned m e about the Intendant; for I never reveal secrets of my masters or mistresses, never! never, my Lady!" "You are more cunning than you look, nevertheless," thought Angelique, "whatever scruple you may have about secr ets ." "Fanchon," said she, "I will make one condition with you: I will take you into my service if you will tell me whether you ever saw the Lady of Beaumanoir." Angelique's notions of honor, clear enough in theor y, never prevented her sacrificing them without compunction to gain an object or learn a secret that interested her. "I will willingly tell you all I know, my Lady. I have seen her once; none of the servants are supposed to know she is in the Chateau, but of course all do." Fanchon stood with her two hands in the pockets of her apr on, as ready to talk as the pretty grisette who directed Lawrence Sterne to the Opera Comique. "Of course!" remarked Angelique, "a secret like that could never be kept in the Chateau of Beaumanoir! Now tell me, Fanchon, what is?then! I am free now: I have just delivered a letter to the Intendant from a lady at Beaumanoir, and got a crown for it. I will lay it on top of your eel pie, Max!" Angelique, from being simply amused at the conversation of the old beggars, became in an ins tant all eyes and ears at the words of Master Pothier. "Had you ever the fortune to see that lady at Beaumanoir?" asked Max, with more curiosity than was to be expected of one in his pos ition. "No; the letter was handed me by Dame Tremblay, with a cup of wine. But the Intendant gave me a crown when he read it. I never saw the Chevalier Bigot in better humor! That letter touched both his purse and his feelings. But how did you ever come to hear of the Lady of Beaumanoir?" "Oh, Bartemy and I hear everything at the gate of the Basse Ville! My Lord Bishop and Father Glapion of the Jesuits met in the gate one day and spoke of her, each asking the other if he knew who she was-- when up rode the Intendant; and the Bishop made free, as Bishops will, you know, to ques tion him whether he kept a lady at the Chateau. "'A round dozen of them, my Lord Bishop!' replied Bigot, laughing. La! It takes the Intendant to talk down a Bishop! He bade my Lor d not to trouble himself, the lady was under his tutelle! which I comprehended as little, as little--" "As you do your Nominy Dominy!" replied Pothier. "Don't be angry, Max, if I infer that the Intendant quoted Pigean -Tit. 2, 27-: 'Le Tuteur est comptable de sa gestion.'" "I don't care what the pigeons have to say to it--that is what the Intendant said!" replied Max, hotly, "and THAT, for your law grimoire, Mas ter Pothier!" Max snapped his fingers like the lock of his musket at Prague, to indicate what he meant by THAT! "Oh, inepte loquens! you don't understand either law or Latin, Max!" exclaimed Pothier, shaking his ragged wig with an air of pity. "I understand begging; and that is getting without cheating, and much more to the purpose," replied Max, hotly. "Look you, Master Pothier! you are learned as three curates; but I can get more money in the gate of the Basse Ville by simply standing still and crying out Pour l'amour de Dieu! than you with your budget of law lingo- jingo, running up and down the country until the dogs eat off the calves of your legs, as they say in the Nivernois." "Well, never mind what they say in the Nivernois about the calves of my legs! Bon coq ne fut jamais gras!--a game-cock is never fat--and that is Master Pothier dit Robin. Lean as are my calves, they will carry away as much of your eel pie to-night as thos e of the s toutest car ter in Quebec!" "And the pie is baked by this time; so let us be jogging!" interrupted Bartemy, rising. "Now give me your arm, Max! and with Master Pothier's on the other side, I shall walk to the Fleur-de-Lis straight as a steeple." The glorious prospect of supper made all three merry as crickets on a warm hear th, as they jogged over the pavement in their clouted shoes, little suspecting they had left a flame of anger in the breast of Angelique des Melois es, kindled by the few words of Pothier respecting the lady of Beaumanoir. Angelique recalled with bitterness that the rude bearer of the note had observed something that had touched the heart and opened the purse of the Intendant. What was it? Was Bigot playing a game with Angelique des Meloises? Woe to him and the lady of Beaumanoir if he was! As she sat musing over it a knock was heard on the door of her boudoir. She left the balcony and reentered her room, where a neat, comely girl in a servant's dress was waiting to s peak to her. The gir l was not known to Angelique. But courtesying very low, she informed her that she was Fanchon Dodier, a cousin of Lizette's. She had been in service at the Chateau of Beaumanoir, but had just left it. "There is no living under Dame Tremblay," said she, "if she suspect a maid servant of flirting ever so little with M. Froumois, the handsome valet of the Intendant! She imagined that I did; and such a life as she has led me, my Lady! So I came to the city to ask advice of cousin Liz ette, and s eek a new place. I am sure Dame Tremblay need not be so hard upon the maids. She is always boasting of her own triumphs when she was the Charming Josephine." "And Lizette referred you to m e?" asked Angelique, too occupied just now to mind the gossip about Dame Tremblay, which another tim e she would have enjoyed immensely. She eyed the girl with intense curiosity; for might she not tell her something of the secr et over which she was eating her hear t out? "Yes, my Lady! Lizette r eferred me to you, and told me to be ver y circumspect indeed about what I said touching the Intendant, but simply to ask if you would take me into your service. Lizette need not have warned m e about the Intendant; for I never reveal secrets of my masters or mistresses, never! never, my Lady!" "You are more cunning than you look, nevertheless," thought Angelique, "whatever scruple you may have about secr ets ." "Fanchon," said she, "I will make one condition with you: I will take you into my service if you will tell me whether you ever saw the Lady of Beaumanoir." Angelique's notions of honor, clear enough in theor y, never prevented her sacrificing them without compunction to gain an object or learn a secret that interested her. "I will willingly tell you all I know, my Lady. I have seen her once; none of the servants are supposed to know she is in the Chateau, but of course all do." Fanchon stood with her two hands in the pockets of her apr on, as ready to talk as the pretty grisette who directed Lawrence Sterne to the Opera Comique. "Of course!" remarked Angelique, "a secret like that could never be kept in the Chateau of Beaumanoir! Now tell me, Fanchon, what isXlms?then! I am free now: I have just delivered a letter to the Intendant from a lady at Beaumanoir, and got a crown for it. I will lay it on top of your eel pie, Max!" Angelique, from being simply amused at the conversation of the old beggars, became in an ins tant all eyes and ears at the words of Master Pothier. "Had you ever the fortune to see that lady at Beaumanoir?" asked Max, with more curiosity than was to be expected of one in his pos ition. "No; the letter was handed me by Dame Tremblay, with a cup of wine. But the Intendant gave me a crown when he read it. I never saw the Chevalier Bigot in better humor! That letter touched both his purse and his feelings. But how did you ever come to hear of the Lady of Beaumanoir?" "Oh, Bartemy and I hear everything at the gate of the Basse Ville! My Lord Bishop and Father Glapion of the Jesuits met in the gate one day and spoke of her, each asking the other if he knew who she was-- when up rode the Intendant; and the Bishop made free, as Bishops will, you know, to ques tion him whether he kept a lady at the Chateau. "'A round dozen of them, my Lord Bishop!' replied Bigot, laughing. La! It takes the Intendant to talk down a Bishop! He bade my Lor d not to trouble himself, the lady was under his tutelle! which I comprehended as little, as little--" "As you do your Nominy Dominy!" replied Pothier. "Don't be angry, Max, if I infer that the Intendant quoted Pigean -Tit. 2, 27-: 'Le Tuteur est comptable de sa gestion.'" "I don't care what the pigeons have to say to it--that is what the Intendant said!" replied Max, hotly, "and THAT, for your law grimoire, Mas ter Pothier!" Max snapped his fingers like the lock of his musket at Prague, to indicate what he meant by THAT! "Oh, inepte loquens! you don't understand either law or Latin, Max!" exclaimed Pothier, shaking his ragged wig with an air of pity. "I understand begging; and that is getting without cheating, and much more to the purpose," replied Max, hotly. "Look you, Master Pothier! you are learned as three curates; but I can get more money in the gate of the Basse Ville by simply standing still and crying out Pour l'amour de Dieu! than you with your budget of law lingo- jingo, running up and down the country until the dogs eat off the calves of your legs, as they say in the Nivernois." "Well, never mind what they say in the Nivernois about the calves of my legs! Bon coq ne fut jamais gras!--a game-cock is never fat--and that is Master Pothier dit Robin. Lean as are my calves, they will carry away as much of your eel pie to-night as thos e of the s toutest car ter in Quebec!" "And the pie is baked by this time; so let us be jogging!" interrupted Bartemy, rising. "Now give me your arm, Max! and with Master Pothier's on the other side, I shall walk to the Fleur-de-Lis straight as a steeple." The glorious prospect of supper made all three merry as crickets on a warm hear th, as they jogged over the pavement in their clouted shoes, little suspecting they had left a flame of anger in the breast of Angelique des Melois es, kindled by the few words of Pothier respecting the lady of Beaumanoir. Angelique recalled with bitterness that the rude bearer of the note had observed something that had touched the heart and opened the purse of the Intendant. What was it? Was Bigot playing a game with Angelique des Meloises? Woe to him and the lady of Beaumanoir if he was! As she sat musing over it a knock was heard on the door of her boudoir. She left the balcony and reentered her room, where a neat, comely girl in a servant's dress was waiting to s peak to her. The gir l was not known to Angelique. But courtesying very low, she informed her that she was Fanchon Dodier, a cousin of Lizette's. She had been in service at the Chateau of Beaumanoir, but had just left it. "There is no living under Dame Tremblay," said she, "if she suspect a maid servant of flirting ever so little with M. Froumois, the handsome valet of the Intendant! She imagined that I did; and such a life as she has led me, my Lady! So I came to the city to ask advice of cousin Liz ette, and s eek a new place. I am sure Dame Tremblay need not be so hard upon the maids. She is always boasting of her own triumphs when she was the Charming Josephine." "And Lizette referred you to m e?" asked Angelique, too occupied just now to mind the gossip about Dame Tremblay, which another tim e she would have enjoyed immensely. She eyed the girl with intense curiosity; for might she not tell her something of the secr et over which she was eating her hear t out? "Yes, my Lady! Lizette r eferred me to you, and told me to be ver y circumspect indeed about what I said touching the Intendant, but simply to ask if you would take me into your service. Lizette need not have warned m e about the Intendant; for I never reveal secrets of my masters or mistresses, never! never, my Lady!" "You are more cunning than you look, nevertheless," thought Angelique, "whatever scruple you may have about secr ets ." "Fanchon," said she, "I will make one condition with you: I will take you into my service if you will tell me whether you ever saw the Lady of Beaumanoir." Angelique's notions of honor, clear enough in theor y, never prevented her sacrificing them without compunction to gain an object or learn a secret that interested her. "I will willingly tell you all I know, my Lady. I have seen her once; none of the servants are supposed to know she is in the Chateau, but of course all do." Fanchon stood with her two hands in the pockets of her apr on, as ready to talk as the pretty grisette who directed Lawrence Sterne to the Opera Comique. "Of course!" remarked Angelique, "a secret like that could never be kept in the Chateau of Beaumanoir! Now tell me, Fanchon, what isXlms Eaiao?then! I am free now: I have just delivered a letter to the Intendant from a lady at Beaumanoir, and got a crown for it. I will lay it on top of your eel pie, Max!" Angelique, from being simply amused at the conversation of the old beggars, became in an ins tant all eyes and ears at the words of Master Pothier. "Had you ever the fortune to see that lady at Beaumanoir?" asked Max, with more curiosity than was to be expected of one in his pos ition. "No; the letter was handed me by Dame Tremblay, with a cup of wine. But the Intendant gave me a crown when he read it. I never saw the Chevalier Bigot in better humor! That letter touched both his purse and his feelings. But how did you ever come to hear of the Lady of Beaumanoir?" "Oh, Bartemy and I hear everything at the gate of the Basse Ville! My Lord Bishop and Father Glapion of the Jesuits met in the gate one day and spoke of her, each asking the other if he knew who she was-- when up rode the Intendant; and the Bishop made free, as Bishops will, you know, to ques tion him whether he kept a lady at the Chateau. "'A round dozen of them, my Lord Bishop!' replied Bigot, laughing. La! It takes the Intendant to talk down a Bishop! He bade my Lor d not to trouble himself, the lady was under his tutelle! which I comprehended as little, as little--" "As you do your Nominy Dominy!" replied Pothier. "Don't be angry, Max, if I infer that the Intendant quoted Pigean -Tit. 2, 27-: 'Le Tuteur est comptable de sa gestion.'" "I don't care what the pigeons have to say to it--that is what the Intendant said!" replied Max, hotly, "and THAT, for your law grimoire, Mas ter Pothier!" Max snapped his fingers like the lock of his musket at Prague, to indicate what he meant by THAT! "Oh, inepte loquens! you don't understand either law or Latin, Max!" exclaimed Pothier, shaking his ragged wig with an air of pity. "I understand begging; and that is getting without cheating, and much more to the purpose," replied Max, hotly. "Look you, Master Pothier! you are learned as three curates; but I can get more money in the gate of the Basse Ville by simply standing still and crying out Pour l'amour de Dieu! than you with your budget of law lingo- jingo, running up and down the country until the dogs eat off the calves of your legs, as they say in the Nivernois." "Well, never mind what they say in the Nivernois about the calves of my legs! Bon coq ne fut jamais gras!--a game-cock is never fat--and that is Master Pothier dit Robin. Lean as are my calves, they will carry away as much of your eel pie to-night as thos e of the s toutest car ter in Quebec!" "And the pie is baked by this time; so let us be jogging!" interrupted Bartemy, rising. "Now give me your arm, Max! and with Master Pothier's on the other side, I shall walk to the Fleur-de-Lis straight as a steeple." The glorious prospect of supper made all three merry as crickets on a warm hear th, as they jogged over the pavement in their clouted shoes, little suspecting they had left a flame of anger in the breast of Angelique des Melois es, kindled by the few words of Pothier respecting the lady of Beaumanoir. Angelique recalled with bitterness that the rude bearer of the note had observed something that had touched the heart and opened the purse of the Intendant. What was it? Was Bigot playing a game with Angelique des Meloises? Woe to him and the lady of Beaumanoir if he was! As she sat musing over it a knock was heard on the door of her boudoir. She left the balcony and reentered her room, where a neat, comely girl in a servant's dress was waiting to s peak to her. The gir l was not known to Angelique. But courtesying very low, she informed her that she was Fanchon Dodier, a cousin of Lizette's. She had been in service at the Chateau of Beaumanoir, but had just left it. "There is no living under Dame Tremblay," said she, "if she suspect a maid servant of flirting ever so little with M. Froumois, the handsome valet of the Intendant! She imagined that I did; and such a life as she has led me, my Lady! So I came to the city to ask advice of cousin Liz ette, and s eek a new place. I am sure Dame Tremblay need not be so hard upon the maids. She is always boasting of her own triumphs when she was the Charming Josephine." "And Lizette referred you to m e?" asked Angelique, too occupied just now to mind the gossip about Dame Tremblay, which another tim e she would have enjoyed immensely. She eyed the girl with intense curiosity; for might she not tell her something of the secr et over which she was eating her hear t out? "Yes, my Lady! Lizette r eferred me to you, and told me to be ver y circumspect indeed about what I said touching the Intendant, but simply to ask if you would take me into your service. Lizette need not have warned m e about the Intendant; for I never reveal secrets of my masters or mistresses, never! never, my Lady!" "You are more cunning than you look, nevertheless," thought Angelique, "whatever scruple you may have about secr ets ." "Fanchon," said she, "I will make one condition with you: I will take you into my service if you will tell me whether you ever saw the Lady of Beaumanoir." Angelique's notions of honor, clear enough in theor y, never prevented her sacrificing them without compunction to gain an object or learn a secret that interested her. "I will willingly tell you all I know, my Lady. I have seen her once; none of the servants are supposed to know she is in the Chateau, but of course all do." Fanchon stood with her two hands in the pockets of her apr on, as ready to talk as the pretty grisette who directed Lawrence Sterne to the Opera Comique. "Of course!" remarked Angelique, "a secret like that could never be kept in the Chateau of Beaumanoir! Now tell me, Fanchon, what isXlms Eaiao