?and metamorphic series, and by their more fluid parts, consisting chiefly of hornblende oozing out, and being sucked into such fissures."- LETTER 496. TO VICTOR CARUS. Down, March 21st, 1876. The very kind expr essions in your letter have gratified m e deeply. I quite forget what I said about m y geological works, but the papers referred to in your letter are the r ight ones. I enclose a list with those which are certainly not worth translating marked with a red line; but whether thos e which are not thus marked with a red line are worth translation you will have to decide. I think much more highly of my book on "Volcanic Islands" since Mr. Judd, by far the bes t judge on the subject in England, has, as I hear, learnt much from it. I think the short paper on the "formation of mould" is worth translating, though, if I have time and strength, I hope to write another and longer paper on the subject. I can assure you that the idea of any one translating my books better than you never even momentarily crossed my mind. I am glad that you can give a fairly good account of your health, or at leas t that it is not worse. LETTER 497. TO T. MELLARD READE. London, December 9th, 1880. I am sorry to say that I do not r eturn home till the m iddle of next week, and as I order no pamphlets to be forwarded to me by post, I cannot r eturn the "Geolog. Mag." until my return home, nor could my servants pick it out of the multitude which come by the post. -497-1. Article on "Oceanic Islands," by T. Mellard Reade, "Geol. Mag." Volume VIII., page 75, 1881.- As I remarked in a letter to a friend, with whom I was dis cussing Wallace's last book -497-2. Wallace's "Island Life," 1880.-, the subject to which you refer seems to me a most perplexing one. The fact which I pointed out many years ago, that all oceanic is lands are volcanic -except St. Paul's, and now this is viewed by some as the nucleus of an ancient volcano-, s eems to m e a strong argum ent that no continent ever occupied the great oceans. -497-3. "During my investigations on coral reefs I had occasion to consult the works of many voyagers, and I was invariably struck with the fact that, with rare exceptions, the innumerable islands scattered through the Pacific, Indian, and Atlantic O ceans were compos ed either of volcanic or of modern coral rocks" - "Geological Observations on Volcanic Islands, etc." Edition II., 1876, page 140-.- Then there comes the statement from the "Challenger" that all sediment is depos ited within one or two hundred miles from the shores, though I should have thought this rather doubtful with respect to gr eat rivers like the Amazons. The chalk formerly seemed to me the best case of an ocean having extended where a continent now stands; but it s eems that some good judges deny that the chalk is an oceanic deposit. On the whole, I lean to the side that the continents have since Cambrian times occupied approximately their present positions. But, as I have said, the question seems a difficult one, and the more it is discussed the better. LETTER 498. TO A. AGASSIZ. Down, Januar y 1st, 1881. I must wr ite a line or two to thank you much for having written to me so long a letter on coral r eefs at a time when you must have been so bus y. Is it not difficult to avoid believing that the wonderful elevation in the West Indies must have been accompanied by much subsidence, notwithstanding the state of Florida? -498-1. The Flor ida reefs cannot be explained by subs idence. Alexander Agassiz, who has described these reefs in detail -"Three Cruises of the U.S. Coas t and Geodetic Survey Steam er 'Blake,'" 2 volumes, London, 1888-, shows that the southern extremity of the peninsula "is of comparatively recent growth, consis ting of concentric barrier-reefs, which have been gradually converted into land by the accumulation of intervening mud-flats" -see also Appendix II., page 287, to Darwin's "Coral Reefs," by T.G. Bonney, Edition III., 1889.-- When reflecting in old days on the configuration of our continents, the position of mountain chains, and especially on the long-continued supply of sediment over the same areas, I used to think -as probably have many other persons- that areas of elevation and subsidence must as a general rule be s eparated by a single great line of fissure, or rather of several closely adjoining lines of fissure. I mention this becaus e, when looking within more r ecent times at charts with the depths of the sea marked by different tints, there seems to be some connection between the profound depths of the ocean and the trends of the nearest, though distant, continents; and I have often wished that some one like yourself, to whom the subject was familiar, would speculate on it. P.S.--I do hope that you will re-urge your views about the reappearance of old characters -498-2. See "Life and Letters," III., pages 245, 246.-, for, as far as I can judge, the most important views are often neglected unless they are urged and re-urged. I am gr eatly indebted to you for sending me very many most valuable works published at your institution. 2.IX.II. ICE-ACTION, 1841-1882. LETTER 499. TO C. LYELL. -1841.- Your extract has set m e puzzling very much, and as I find I am better at present for not going out, you must let m e unload my mind on paper. I thought everything so beautifully clear about glaciers, but now your case and Agassiz's statement about the cavities in the rock formed by cascades in the glaciers, shows me I don' t understand their structure at all. I wish out of pur e curiosity I could make it out. - 499-1. "Etudes sur les Glaciers," by Louis Agassiz, 1840, contains a description of cas cades -page 343-, and "des cavites interieures" -page 348-.- If the glacier travelled on -and it cer tainly does travel on-, and the water