LETTER 556. TO L. HORNER. Down -1846?-. I am truly pleased at your approval of my book -556-1. "Geological Observations on South America," London, 1846.-: it was very kind of you taking the trouble to tell me so. I long hesitated whether I would publish it or not, and now that I have done so at a good cost of trouble, it is indeed highly satis factory to think that m y labour has not been quite thrown away. I entirely acquiesce in your criticism on my calling the Pampean formation "recent" -556-2. "We must, ther efore, conclude that the Pampean formation belongs, in the ordinary geological sens e of the word, to the Recent Period." -"Geol. Obs." page 101-.-; Pleis tocene would have been far better. I object, however, altogether on principle -whether I have always followed my principle is another question- to designate any epoch after man. It breaks through all principles of classification to take one mammifer as an epoch. And this is presupposing we know something of the introduction of man: how few years ago all beds earlier than the Pleistocene were characterised as being before the monkey epoch. It appears to me that it may often be convenient to speak of an H istorical or H uman deposit in the same way as we speak of an Elephant bed, but that to apply it to an epoch is unsound. I have expressed m yself very ill, and I am not very sure that my notions are very clear on this subject, except that I know that I have often been made wroth -even by L yell- at the confidence with which people speak of the introduction of man, as if they had seen him walk on the stage, and as if, in a geological chronological s ense, it was more important than the entr y of any other mammifer. You ask me to do a most puzzling thing, to point out what is newest in my volum e, and I found m yself incapable of doing almost the same for Lyell. My m ind goes from point to point without deciding: what has interested ones elf or given most trouble is, perhaps quite falsely, thought newest. The elevation of the land is perhaps more carefully treated than any other subject, but it cannot, of course, be called new. I have made out a sort of index, which will not take you a couple of m inutes to skim over, and then you will perhaps judge what seems newest. The summary at the end of the book would also serve same purpose. I do not know wher e E. de B. -Elie de Beaumont- has lately put for th on the recent elevation of the Cordillera. He "rapported" favourably on d'Orbigny, who in late times fires off a most Royal salute; every volcano bursting forth in the Andes at the same time with their elevation, the debacle thus caused depos iting all the Pampean mud and all the Patagonian shingle! Is not this making Geology nice and s imple for beginners? We have been very sorry to hear of Bunbury's severe illness; I believe the measles are often dangerous to grown-up people. I am very glad that your last account was so much better. I am as tonished that you should have had the courage to go right through m y book. It is quite obvious that mos t geologis ts find it far eas ier to write than to read a book. Chapter I. and II.--Elevation of the land: equability on E. coast as shown by terraces, page 19; length on W. coast, page 53; height at Valparaiso, page 32; number of per iods of res t at Coquimbo, page 49; elevation within Human per iod near Lima greater than els ewhere observed; the dis cussion -page 41- on non-horizontality of terraces perhaps one of newest features-- on formation of terraces rather newis h. Chapter III., page 65.--Argum ent of horizontal elevation of Cordillera I believe new. I think the connection - page 54- between earthquake -shocks- and insensible rising important. Chapter IV.--The s trangeness of the - Eocene- mammifers, co-exis ting with recent shells. Chapter V.--Cur ious pumiceous infusorial mudstone -page 118- of Patagonia; climate of old Tertiary per iod, page 134. The subject which has been most fertile in my mind is the discussion from page 135 to end of chapter on the accumulation of fossiliferous deposits. -556-3. The last section of Chapter V. treats of "the Absence of extensive modern Conchiferous Deposits in South America; and on the contemporaneousness of the older Tertiary Deposits at distant points being due to contemporaneous movements of subsidence." Darwin expresses the view that "the earth's surface oscillates up and down; and...during the elevatory movements there is but a small chance of durable fossiliferous deposits accumulating" -loc. cit., page 139-.- Chapter VI.--Perhaps some facts on metamorphism, but chiefly on the layers in mica-s late, etc., being analogous to cleavage. Chapter VII.--The grand up-and-down movements -and vertical silicified tr ees- in the Cordillera: see summary, page 204 and page 240. Origin of the Claystone porphyry formation, page 170. Chapter VIII., page 224.--Mixture of Cretaceous and Oolitic forms -page 226--- great subsidence. I think -page 232- there is some novelty in dis cussion on axes of eruption and injection. -page 247- Continuous volcanic action in the Cordillera. I think the concluding summary -page 237- would show what are the mos t salient features in the book. LETTER 557. TO C. LYELL. Shrewsbur y -Augus t 10th, 1846-. I was delighted to receive your letter, which was forwarded here to m e. I am very glad to hear about the new edition of the "Principles," -557-1. The seventh edition of the "Principles of Geology" was published in 1847.-, and I most heartily hope you may live to bring out half a dozen more editions. There would not have been such books as d'Orbigny's S. Amer ican G eology - 557-2. "Voyage dans l'Amer ique meridionale execute pendant les Annees 1826-37." 6 volumes, Paris, 1835-43.- published, if there had been seven editions of the "Principles" distributed in France. I am rather sorry about the small type; but the first edition, my old true love, which I never deserted for the later editions, was also in small