LETTER 590. TO J.D. HOOKER. -590-1. The genera Scaevola and Leschenaultia, to which the following letter refers, belong to the Goodeniaceae -Goodenovieae, Bentham & Hooker-, an order allied to the Lobeliaceae, although the mechanism of fertilisation resembles rather more nearly that of Campanula. The character istic featur e of the flower in this order is the indusium, or, as Delpino -590-2. Delpino's observations on Dichogamy, summarised by Hildebrand in "Bot. Zeitung," 1870, page 634.- calls it, the "collecting cup": this cuplike organ is a development of the style, and serves the same function as the hairs on the style of Campanula, nam ely, that of taking the pollen from the anthers and presenting it to the visiting insect. During this stage the immature stigma is at the bottom of the cup, and though surrounded by pollen is incapable of being pollinated. In most genera of the order the pollen is pushed out of the indusium by the growth of the style or stigma, very much as occurs in Lobelia or the Compositae. Finally the style emerges from the indusium -590-3. According to Hamilton -"Proc. L inn. Soc. N. S. Wales," X., 1895, page 361- the s tigma rarely grows beyond the indus ium in Dampiera. In the same journal -1885-6, page 157, and IX., 1894, page 201- Hamilton has given a number of inter esting observations on Goodenia, Scaevola, Selliera, Brunonia. There s eem to be mechanisms for cross- and also for s elf-fer tilisation.-, the stigmas open out and are pollinated from younger flowers. The mechanism of fer tilisation has been described by F. Muller -590-4. In a letter to H ildebrand published in the "Bot. Zeitung," 1868, page 113.-, and more completely by D elpino -loc. cit.-. Mr. Bentham wrote a paper -590-5. "Linn. Soc. Journal," 1869, page 203.- on the style and stigma in the Goodenovieae, wher e he speaks of Mr. Darwin's belief that fertilisation takes place outside the indusium. This statement, which we imagine Mr. Bentham must have had from an unpublished source, was incomprehens ible to him as long as he confined his work to such genera as Goodenia, Scaevola, Velleia, Coelogyne, in which the mechanism is much as above des cribed; but on examining Leschenaultia the meaning became clear. Bentham writes of this genus:--"The indusium is us ually described as broadly two-lipped, without any dis tinct stigma. The fact appears to be that the upper less prominent lip is stigmatic all over, inside and out, with a transverse band of short glandular hairs at its base outside, while the lower more prominent lip is smooth and glabrous, or with a tuft of rigid hairs. Perhaps this lower lip and the upper band of hairs are all that correspond to the indusium of other genera; and the so-called upper lip, outs ide of which impregnation may well take place, as obs erved by Mr. Darwin, must be r egarded as the true stigma." Darwin's interest in the Goodeniaceae was due to the m echanism being apparently fitted for self-fertilisation. In 1871 a writer signing himself F.W.B. made a communication to the "Gardeners' Chronicle" -590-6. 1871, page 1103.-, in which he expr esses himself as "agreeably surprised" to find L eschenaultia adapted for self-fertilisation, or at least for self-pollinisation. This led Darwin to publish a short note in the same journal, in which he des cribes the penetration of pollen-tubes into the viscid surface on the outside of the indusium. -590-7. 1871, page 1166. He had previously written in the "Journal of Horticulture and Cottage Gardener," May 28th, 1861, page 151:--"Leschenaultia formosa has apparently the most effective contr ivance to prevent the s tigma of one flower ever receiving a grain of pollen from another flower; for the pollen is shed in the early bud, and is there shut up round the stigma within a cup or indusium. But some obs ervations led me to suspect that nevertheless insect agency here com es into play; for I found by holding a camel-hair pencil parallel to the pistil, and moving it as if it were a bee going to suck the nectar, the straggling hairs of the brush opened the lip of the indusium, entered it, s tirred up the pollen, and brought out some grains. I did this to five flowers, and marked them. Thes e five flowers all set pods; wher eas only two other pods set on the whole plant, though cover ed with innumerable flowers...I wrote to Mr. Jam es Drummond, at Swan River in Australia,...and he soon wrote to m e that he had seen a bee cleverly opening the indusium and extracting pollen."- He also descr ibes how a brush, pushed into the flower in imitation of an insect, pres ses "against the s lightly projecting lower lip of the indus ium, opens it, and some of the hairs enter and become smeared with pollen." The yield of pollen is ther efore differ ently arranged in Les chenaultia; for in the m ore typical genera it depends on the growth of the s tyle ins ide the indusium. D elpino, however -see Hildebr and's version, loc. cit.-, describes a similar opening of the cup produced by pressure on the hairs in some genera of the order.- Down, June 7th -1860-. Bes t and most beloved of men, I supplicate and entr eat you to obser ve one point for me. Remember that the Goodeniaceae have weighed like an incubus for years on my soul. It relates to Scaevola microcarpa. I find that in bud the indusium collects all the pollen splendidly, but, differently from Leschenaultia, cannot be afterwards eas ily opened. Further, I find that at an early stage, when the flower first opens, a boat-shaped s tigma lies at the bottom of the indus ium, and further that this stigma, after the flower has some time expanded, grows very rapidly, when the plant is kept hot, and pushes out of the indusium a m ass of pollen; and at same time two horns project at the corners of the indusium. Now the appearance of these horns makes me suppose that thes e are the stigmatic surfaces.