TITULLI 
III 
I LLLLLLL 
ANANAS 
T 
II 
T 
TIT 
. 
REITI 
nothing whatever to do with the moral guilt or blamelessness of him who brings them about, they depend solely upon the-thing-dore, whatevert meg-happen to-be. Pite-meral guik-or-blamelessness-in-like-marmer has nothing to do with the result; it turns upon the question whether a sufficient number of reasonable people placed as the actor was placed wordd have done as the actor has done. At that tine it was wonersdly admitted that to spare the rod was to spoil the child, and St Pau ad placed disobedience to parents in very ugly compariy. If his children did anything which Mr Pontifex disliked they were clearly disobedient to their father. In this case there was obviously only one course for a sensible man to take. It consisted in checking the first signs of self wil while his children were too young to offer serious resistance. If their wills were "well broker" in childhood, to use an expression then much in vogue, they would acquire habits of obedience which they would not venture to breakthrough till they were over twenty one year old. Then they might please themselves, he should know how to protect aimself til then he and his money were more at their mercy than he liked. How little do we know our thoughts--our reflex actions indeed, ves; but our reflex reflections! Man, forsooth, prides himself on his consciousness' We boast that we differ from the wirds and waves and falling stones and plants, which grow they know of Wły, and from the wandering creatures which go up and down after their prey, as we are pleased to see without the help of reason. We know so well wirkt we are doing ourselves and why we do it, do we not? I fany that there is some truth in the view which is being put forward nowadays, that it is our less conscious thoughts and our less conscious actions which manly modd our lives and the lives of those who spring from us. _ _ Mr Pontifex was not the man to trouble himself much about his motives. People were not so introspective then &s we are now; they lived more according to a ride of thunb. Dr Amold had not yet sown Tacrop of eamesters Ich we are now tearvesting, and men ud nor seg Why They showu nor have their own way if hoevil consequences to themselves seemed likely to follow upon their doing so. Then as now, however, they sometimes let themselves in for more e il consequences tran they had bargaired for. Like other rich men at the beginning of this century he ate and drank a good deal more than was enough to keep hin in health. Even his excellent constitution was ndt proof against a prolonged course of overfading and what we should now consider overdrinking. His Iver would not unfrequently get out of order and he would come down to breakfast i boking yellow about the eyes. Then the young people knew that they had better look out. It is not as a generde rule the eating of soul grapes that causes the children's teeth to be set on edge. Wel-to-do parents seldom eat many sour grapes; the danger to the children lies in the parents eating too many sweet ones. I grant that at first sight it seems very sinjust, that the parents should have the fun and the children be purushed for it, but young people should remember that for man years they were part and parcel of their parents and therefore had a good deal of the fun in the person of their parents. If they love forgotten the filn now, that is no more than people do who have a headache after having been tpyy ovemige. The man with a headache does not pretend to be a different person from the man who gordnunk, and claim that it is his self of the preceding night and not his self of this moming who sitould be punished: no more should offspring complain of the headache wuch it has earned when in the person of its parents, for the continuation of identity, though not so immediately apparent, is just as real in one case as in the other. What is really hard is when the parents have the fun after the children have been bom, and the children are punished for this. On these, los black days, he would take very glooby views of things and say to himself that in spite of all his goodness to them his children did not love him. But who can love any man whose ver is out of order? How base, he would exclaim to himself, was such ingratitude! How especially hard epon himself, who had been such a model on, and always honored and obeyed his parents through they had not spent one hundredth part of the money upon him which he had lavished upon is own children. "It is always the same story," he would say to himself, the more young people have the more they work, and the less thanks one gets; I have made agreat mistake; I have been for 
too lentent with my chidren; ever mind, I have done my duty by them, and more; if they fail in their to me it is a matter between-Gotland then that any rate, am guldess. Why, I might have married again and become the father-of-a second and perhaps more affectionate family, etc., etc." He ptied himself for the ecpensite education which he was giving his chidren he did not see that the education cost the children far more than it cost him, irismuch as is cost them the power of eaming their living easily rater than helped them towards it, and ensured their being at the mercy of their father for years after they had come to an age when they should be independent. A public school 
education cuts of 4 boy's rett eat; he can no longer become a labourer or a mechanic, and these are the only people whose lerude of independence is not precarious- with the exception of course of those wito are bom the ritors of 
TTTIII 
SIT 
TIL 
I 
1 
1 
TITO 
SODI 
PLE 
J1 
TIT 
W 
are pred levisked upon is cwn choice less inanis one gets; i mobilen if they fail in their tom 
1 
7 
IIIIIIIIIIIII 
IS 
L 
T 
1 
TU 
TIL 
IT 
VE 
LITT UTOL 
TL 
DUIVET