irresistible charm in trying to make out homologies. -602-1. In 1880 he wrote to Mr. Bentham: "It was very kind of you to write to me about the Orchideae, for it has pleas ed me to an extr eme degr ee that I could have been of the least us e to you about the nature of the parts."-- "Life and Letters," III., page 264.- You know the membranous cup or clinandrum, in many orchids, behind the stigma and rostellum: it is formed of a membrane which unites the filament of the normal dorsal anther with the edges of the pistil. The clinandrum is largely developed in Malaxis, and is of considerable importance in retaining the pollinia, which as soon as the flower opens are quite loose. The appearance and similarity of the tissues, etc., at once gives suspicion that the lateral membranes of the clinandrum are the two other and rudim entary anthers, which in Orchis and Cephalanthera, etc., exist as mer e papillae, her e developed and utilised. Now for my question. Exactly in the middle of the filam ent of the normal anther, and exactly in the middle of the lateral membrane of the clinandrum, and running up to the same height, are quite similar bundles of spiral vessels; ending upwards almos t suddenly. Now is not this structure a good argument that I interpret the homologies of the s ides of clinandrum rightly? -602-2. Though Rober t Brown made use of the spiral vessels of or chids, yet according to Eichler, "Bluthendiagr amme," 1875, Volume I., page 184, Darwin was the first to make substantial additions to the conclus ions deducible from the course of the vessels in relation to the problem of the morphology of these plants. Eichler gives Darwin's diagram side by side with that of Van Tieghem without attempting to decide between the differ ences in detail by which they are characterised.- I find that the gr eat Bauer does not draw very correctly! -602-3. F. Bauer, whom Pritzel calls "der grosste Pflanzenmaler." The reference is to his "Illustrations of Orchidaceous Plants, with Notes and Prefatory Remarks by John Lindley," London, 1830-38, Folio. See "Fertilisation of Orchids," Edition II., page 82.- And, good Heavens, what a jumble he makes on functions. LETTER 603. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down, October 22nd. -1861-. Acropera is a beast,--s tigma does not open, everything seems contrived that it shall NOT be anyhow fertilised. There is something very odd about it, which could only be made out by incessant watching on several individual plants. I never saw the very cur ious flower of Canna; I should say the pollen was deposited where it is to pr event inevitable s elf-fertilisation. You have no time to try the smallest experim ent, else it would be worth while to put pollen on some stigmas -suppos ing that it does not seed fr eely with you-. Anyhow, insects would probably carry pollen from flower to flower, for Kurr states the tube formed by pistil, s tamen and "nectarblatt" secretes -I presume internally- much nectar. T hanks for sending me the cur ious flower. Now I want much some wisdom; though I must write at considerable length, your answer may be very brief. -FIGURE 8.--FLORAL DIAGRAM OF AN ORCHID. The "missing bundle" could not be found in some species.- In R. Brown's admirable paper in the "Linnean Transacts." -603-4. Volume XVI., page 685.- he suggests -and Lindley cautiously agrees- that the flower of orchids consists of five whorls, the inner whorl of the two whor ls of anthers being all rudimentar y, and when the labellum presents ridges, two or three of the anthers of both whor ls -are- combined with it. In the ovarium there ar e six bundles of ves sels: R. Brown judged by transverse sections. It occurred to me, after what you said, to trace the vessels longitudinally, and I have succeeded well. Look at my diagram -Figure 8- -which please return, for I am transported with admiration at it-, which shows the vessels which I have traced, one bundle to each of fifteen theoretical organs, and no more. You will see the r esult is nothing new, but it seems to confirm strongly R. Brown, for I have succeeded -perhaps he did, but he does not say so- in tracing the vessels belonging to each organ in front of each other to the same bundle in the ovarium: thus the vessels going to the lower sepal, to the side of the labellum, and to one stigma -when ther e are two- all dis tinctly branch from one ovarian bundle. So in other cases, but I have not completely traced -only seen- that going to the rostellum. But here comes my only point of novelty: in all or chids as yet looked at -even one with so simple a labellum as Gymnadenia and Malaxis- the vessels on the two sides of the labellum are der ived from the bundle which goes to the lower sepal, as in the diagram. This leads me to conclude that the labellum is always a compound organ. Now I want to know whether it is conceivable that the vessels coming from one main bundle should penetrate an organ -the labellum- which receives its vessels from another main bundle? Does it not imply that all that part of the labellum which is supplied by vessels coming from a lateral bundle must be part of a primordially distinct organ, however closely the two may have becom e united? It is curious in Gymnadenia to trace the middle anterior bundle in the ovarium: when it comes to the orifice of the nectary it turns and runs right down it, then comes up the opposite side and runs to the apex of the labellum, whence each s ide of the nectar y is supplied by vessels from the bundles, coming from the lower sepals. Hence even the thin nectary is essentially, I infer, tripartite; hence its tendency to bifurcation at its top. This view of the labellum always consisting of three organs -I believe four when thick, as in Mormodes, at base- seems to me to explain its great size and tripar tite form, compared with the other petals. Certainly, if I may trust the vessels, the s imple labellum of Gymnadenia consists of thr ee organs soldered together. Forgive me for writing at such length; a very brief answer will suffice. I am