TITULLI 
III 
I LLLLLLL 
ANANAS 
ISSN 
TL 
T 
1 
. 
. 
! 
young man into a profession which he did not like, Farbe it from him to put pressure upon a son of his as regards ary profession and much less when so sacred a calling as the ministry was concerned. Hewawa talk in this way when there were visitors in the house and when his son was in the room. He spoke sowisely and so well that is listening guests considered him a paragon of riget-mindedness. He spoke, too, with such emphasis and his rosy gills and bald head looked so benevolent that it was difficut not to be carried away by his discourse. I belleve two or three heads of families in the neighbourhood gave their sons absolute liberty of cholce in the matter of their professions-and am not sure that they had nodafterwards considerable cause to-regret having Hone so. The visitors, seeing Theobuld look shy and wholly wmoved by the oribition of so much consideration for his wishes, would remark to themselves that the boy seemed hardlykely to be equal to his other and would set him down as an enthusidstic youth, who ought to have more life in him and be more sensible of fuis advantages than he appeared to be. No ond believed in the righteousness of the whole transaction more firmly than the boy himself; a serce of being ill at euse kept him silent, but IT WAS TOO profound and too much without break forum totecone fiilly dive toit, un come to an understanding with himself. He feared the dark scowl which would come over his father's face upon the slightest opposition. His father's violex threats, or coarse smeers, would not have been taken au serietor by a stronger bby, but Theobuld was not strong boy, and righty or wrongly, gave his father credit for being quite ready to carry his threats into execution. Opposition had hever got frim anything he wanted yet, for indeed kad yielding for the matter of that, wless he happened to wart exactly what his father wanted for him. If he rad ever entertained thoughts of Pesistance, he had some now, and the power to oppose was se completely lest forwart of exercise that hardly did the wisit remain, there was nothing left save all acquiescence as of an ass crouched between two burders. He may have had an ill-defined sense of ideals that were not his actuals; he might occasionally dream of himself as a soldier or a sailor far away is foreign lands, or even as a farmer's toy upon the wolds, but there was not enough in him or there to be any chance of this turning his dreams into redities, and he drifted or with his stream, which was a slow and, I am afraid, a muddy one. I think the Church Catechis n has a good deal to do with the unhappy relations which commonly even now exist between parents and children. That work was written tob exclusively from the parental point of view; the person wito composed it did not get a few children to come in and help him, he was clearly not young himself, nor should I say it was the work of one who liked children in spite of the words "my good child" which, if I remember rightly, are once put into the mouth of the catechist and, after all, cary d harsh sound with them. The general impression it leaves upon the mind of the young is that their wickedness at birth was but very imperfectly wiped out at baptism, and at the mere fact of being young at all has something with it that savours more or less distinctly of the nature of sinf a new edition of the work is ever required I shoud like to introduce a few words insisting on the duo of seeking all reasortable pleasure and avaiding all pain titat can be honourably woided should like to see children taught that they should not say they like things which they do not like, merely because certain other people say they like them, and low foolish it is to say they believe this or that when they understand nathing about it. If it be urged that these additions would make the Catechism too long I woud burtail the remarks upon our duty towards our neighbour and upon the sacraments. In the place of the paragraph begirming "I desire my Lom God our Heavenly Fathemwoud--but perhaps had better return to Theobald, and leave the recasting of the Catechism to abler hands. L _Mr Pontifex had set his heart on his son's becoming a fellow of a college before he became a clergman. This would provide for him at once and would ensure his gering a living if nome of us father s ecclesiastical friends gave him one. The boy had done just well enough at school to render this possible, so he was sent to one of the smaller colleges at Cambridge and was at once set to read with the best private tutors that could be found. A system of examination had been adopted a year or so before 
Theobald took his degree which had improved his chances of a fellowship, for whatever ability he had was classical rather than mathematical, and this system gave more encouragement to dassical studies than had been given hitherto. theobald had the sense to see that he had a chante of independence if he worked hard, and he liked the notion of becoming a fellow. He therefore applied himself and in the end took a degree wirich made his getting a fellowship in all probability a mere question of time. For a while Mr Pontifexsertior was really pleased, and told luis son he would present him with the works of any standard writer whom he might select. The young man chose the works of Bacon, and Bacon accordingly made his appearance in ten nicely bound volumes. A little inspection, however, showed that the copy was d second hand one. now that he had taken his degree the next thing to look forward to was ordinasion--about which Theobald had hought little hitherto beyond acquesting in it as something that would come as a matter of course some day. Now, however, it 
V1 
RULOU OL4 
2 
11 
1 
L 
CG 
1 
ILLI 
TUTTI 
. 
I DI 
- 
- U 
LE 
. 
H4 
1 
I 
11.1