TITULLI 
III 
IIIIIIIII 
I LLLLLLL 
LI 
SINUS 
TL 
had actually come and was asserting itself as a thing which shadd be only a few months of, and this rather frightened 
in nesmuch as there would be no way out of it when he was once 7 it. He da notlke tre near view of ordination as well as the distant one, and eren made some feeble eforts to escape, as may be perceived by the following correspondence which huis sor Emest found anong his father's papers written on gilt-edged paper, in faded ink and tied neatly round with a piece of tape, but without any note or comment. I have altered nothing. The letters are as follows: 
N 
IT IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
III 
- 
- 
RH 
1 
+ 
TC 
ET 
I DI 
OT DUTEV 
LITT 
. 
TE 
1 
1 
"My dear Father, do not like opening up a question which has been considered settled, but as the time approaches I begin to be very doubtid how far I am fitted to be a dergman. NoI am tharukid to say that I have the faitest doubts about the Church England and I could subscribe cordidly to every one of the thirty-nine articles which do indeed appear to me to be the re plus ultra of human wisdom, and Paley, too, leaves 30 loop-hole for an opponent; but I am sure I stroldd be turning caurter to you wishes were to coriced from you that I do not feel the inward call to be a minister of the gospel that I shal have to say I have felt when the Bishop ordais me. I try to get this feeling, 1 pray for it earnestly, and sometimes hd think that I have got it, but in a little time it wears off, and though I have no absolute repugname to being a dergman and trust ffat I am one I shall endeavour to live to the Glory of God and to advance His interests upon earth, yet I feel that something more than this is wanted before I am filly justified in going to the Church. I am aware that I have been a great expense to you in spite of my scholarships, but you have ever fought me that I shondd-obe-my-conscience and my conscience tells me shende-de wrong became a clergyman. God may yet give me the spirit for which I assure you I have been and am continually praying, but He may not, and in that case would t not be better for me to try and look out for something else? I know that Mether you nor John Wish me to go into your business, mor do funderstand anything about money matters, but is there nothing else that I can do? I do not like to ask you to maintain me while I go in for medicine or the bar; but when 
get my fellowship which should not be longfirst I will endeavour to cost you nothing ther, and might make-a little money by writing or taking pupils I trust you will not think this letter improper; nothing is further from my wish than to cause you dry uneasiness. I hope you will make allowance for my present feelings which, indeed, spring from nothing but from that respect for my conscience which no one has so often instilled into me as yourself. Pray let me have a few lines shortly. I hope your cad is better. With love to Eliza and Maria, I am, your affectiortate son, "THEO BALD PONTIFEX." Dear Theobald,- 1 can enter into your feelings and have no wish to quarrel with your expression of them. It is quite right and natural that you should feel as you do except as regards one passage, the impropriety of which you will yourself doubtless feel upor reflection, and to wirich I will not further dlude than to say that it has wounded me. You should not have said 'in spite of my scholarships. It was only proper that if you cald do arythmg to assist ine in bearing the hervy burden of your education, the money shodd be, as it was, made over to myself. Every line in your letter convinces me that you are under the influence of a morbid sensitiveness which is one of the devil's favourite devices for luring people to their destruction. I have, as you say, beer af great experse with your edcation. Nothing has been spared by me to give you the advantages, which, as an English gentleman, I was anciou to afford my son, but I am not prepared to see that expense thrown away and to have to begin again from the beginning, merely because you have taken some foolish scrupla into your head, which you should resist as no less wjust to yourself tartome. "Don't give way to that restless desire for change which istrebare of so many persons of 
both sexes at the present day. "Of course you neein't be ordained: nobody will compel you, you are perfecty free, you are twenty-free years of age, and should know your own mind; but wely not have known it sooner instead of never so much as breathing a hint of opposuion until I have had all the expense of serding you to the University, w sich I should never have done wdless I had believed you to have made up your mind about taking orders? I have letters from you in which you express the most perfect willingness to be ordained, and your brother and sisters will bear me out in saying that no pressure ofory sort has been put upon you. You mistake your own mind, and are suffering from a nervous timidity which may be very natural but monof the less be pregnant with serious consequences to yourself. I am not at all well and the areciety occasioned by your letter is naturally preying upon me. May Gal guide you go a bette judgement.-Your affectionate father, G. PONTIFEX." On the receipt of this letter Theobald pfucked up his spirits. "My father," he said to himse, "tells me I need not be ordained if I do not like. I do not like, and therefore I will not be ordained. But what was the meaning of the words 
T 
L 
10 
1- 
1 
1TY 
IAI 
SI 
TI 
I 
LLL 
DE 
TIL 
TEL 
= 
UT 
J 
ES 
- 
TILL 
2 
1 
ITS 
PT 
2 
ILI 
TPD