projections on the labellum of Oncidium, Phalaenops is, etc. Excus e all my boas ting. It is the best medicine for my stomach. Tell m e whether you mean to take up orchids, as Hooker said you were thinking of doing. Do you know Coryanthes, with its wonderful basket of water? See what Cruger says about it. It beats everything in orchids. -663-4. For Coryanthes see "Fertilisation of Orchids," Edition II., page 173.- LETTER 664. TO J.D. HOOKER. Down -September 13th, 1864-. Thanks for your note of the 5th. You think much and greatly too much of me and my doings; but this is pleasant, for you have repr esented for many years the whole gr eat public to me. I have r ead with inter est Bentham's address on hybridism. I am glad that he is cautious about Naudin's view, for I cannot think that it will hold. -664-1. C. Naudin's "Nouvelles Recherches sur l'Hydridite dans les Vegetaux." The complete paper, with colour ed plates, was pr esented to the Academ y in 1861, and published in full in the "Nouvelles Ar chives de Museum d'Hist. Nat." Volume I., 1865, page 25. The second part only appeared in the "Ann. Sci. Nat." XIX., 1863. Mr. Bentham's address dealing with hybridism is in "Proc. Linn. Soc." VIII., 1864, page ix. A r eview of Naudin is given in the "Natural History Review," 1864, page 50. Naudin's paper is of much interes t, as containing a m echanical theory of reproduction of the s ame general character as that of pangenesis. In the "Variation of Animals and Plants," Edition II., Volume II., page 395, Darwin states that in his treatment of hybr idism in terms of gemmules he is practically following Naudin's treatment of the same theme in terms of "essences." Naudin, however, does not clearly distinguish between hybrid and pure gemmules, and makes the assumption that the hybrid or mixed essences tend constantly to dissociate into pur e parental essences, and thus lead to r eversion. It is to this view that Darwin refers when he says that Naudin's view throws no light on the reversion to long-lost characters. His own attempt at explaining this fact occurs in "Variation under Domestication," II., Edition II., page 395. Mr. Bateson -"Mendel's Principle of Heredity," Cambridge, 1902, page 38- says: "Naudin clearly enuntiated what we shall hencefor th know as the Mendelian conception of the dissociation of characters of cross-breds in the formation of the germ- cells, though appar ently he never developed this conception." It is remarkable that, as far as we know, Darwin never in any way came across Mendel's work. One of Darwin's correspondents, however, the late Mr. T. Laxton, of Stamford, was close on the trail of Mendelian principle. Mr. Bateson writes -op. cit., page 181-: "Had he - Laxton- with his other gifts combined this penetration which detects a great pr inciple hidden in the thin mist of 'exceptions,' we should have been able to claim for him that honour which mus t ever be Mendel's in the history of discover y."- The tendency of hybrids to revert to either parent is part of a wider law -which I am fully convinced that I can show experim entally-, namely, that crossing races as well as species tends to bring back characters which existed in progenitors hundreds and thousands of generations ago. Why this should be so, God knows. But Naudin's view throws no light, that I can see, on this reversion of long-los t characters. I wis h the Ray Society would translate Gartner's "Bastarderzeugung"; it contains more valuable matter than all other writers put together, and would do great service if better known. -664-2. "Versuche uber die Bastarderzeugung im Pflanzenreich": Stuttgart, 1849.- LETTER 665. TO T.H. HUXLEY. -665-1. Mr. Huxley had doubted the accuracy of observations on Catasetum published in the "Fer tilisation of Orchids." In what formed the pos tscript to the following letter, Darwin wrote: "I have had more Catasetums,--all r ight, you audacious 'caviller.'"- Down, October 31s t -1862-. In a little book, just published, called the "Three Barriers" -a theological hash of old abus e of m e-, Owen gives to the author a new resume of his brain doctrine; and I thought you would like to hear of this. He ends with a delightful sentence. "No science affords more scope or easier ground for the caviller and controversialist; and these do good by preventing scholars from giving more force to generalisations than the master propounding them does, or meant his readers or hear ers to give." You will blush with pleasure to hear that you are of some us e to the master. LETTER 666. TO J.D. HOOKER. -February, 1864?- I shall write again. I write now mer ely to ask, if you have Naravelia -666-1. Ranunculaceae.- -the Clematis-like plant told m e by Oliver-, to try and propagate me a plant at once. Have you Clematis cirrhosa? It will amuse me to tell you why Clematis interes ts me, and why I should so very much like to have Naravelia. The leaves of Clematis have no spontaneous movement, nor have the internodes; but when by growth the peduncles of leaves are brought into contact with any object, they bend and catch hold. The slightest stimulus suffices, even a bit of cotton thr ead a few inches long; but the stimulus must be applied during six or twelve hours, and when the peduncles once bend, though the touching object be removed, they never get straight again. Now mark the difference in another leaf-climber--viz., Tropaeolum: here the young internodes revolve day and night, and the peduncles of the leaves are thus brought into contact with an object, and the slightest momentary touch causes them to bend in any direction and catch the object, but as the axis revolves they must be often dragged away without catching, and then the peduncles straighten