TITULLI 
III 
I LLLLLLL 
ANANAS 
- 
1 
i 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
. 
TL 
ULUI 
1L 
TT 
- 
Hearts she did not know how she had done it, non indeed, it had been her doing at all. First there had been a youg man in comection with W/101 she had ried to practise certan mar peuvres weich she had rehearsed in magination 
over and over again, but which she found impossible to apply in practice. Then there had been weeks of a wurra wurra of hopes and fears and little stratagems which as often as not proved injudicious, and then somehow or other in the end, there lay the young man boundard with an arrow through his heart at her daughter's feet. It seemed to her to be all a flake which site could have little or no hope of repeating. She had indeed repeated once, and night perhaps with good luck repeat thet once again but five times over! It was aw.. wly she would rather have three-confinements han go through the wear and tear of marrying a single daghter. Nevertheless i had got to be done, and poor Mr.Allaby rever looked at a young man without an eye to his being a fiture som-in-law. Papas and mamma sometimes ask young men whether their intentions are honourable towards their daughters. I think young men might occasionally ask paprs and manmas whether their intentions are honourable before they accept invitations to houses where there are still urmarried daughters. "I can't aford a curate, y dear," said Mr Allaby to his wife when the pair were discussing what was next to be done. "It will be better to get some young man to come and help me for a time wpon a Sunday. A guinea a Sunday will do this, and we can chop and change till we get some one who suts." So it was settled that Mr Alaby's leath was not so strong as it has been, and that he stodd in need of help in the performance of his Sunday duty. Mrs Allaby had a great friend-a certat Mas Cowey, wife of the celebrated Professor Cowey. She was what was called a truly spiritually minded woman, a trifle portly, with an icipient beard, and an extensive connection among undergraduates, more especially among those who were inclined to take part in the great evangelical movement which was then at its height. She gave evening parties ance a fortnight at which prayer was part of the entertainment. She was not only spiritually minded, but, as enthusiastic Mrs Allaby used to exdan, she was a thorough woman of the world at the same time and had such a fund of strong mastu ine good sense. Sie too had daughters, out, as she used to say to Mrs Alaby, she had been less fortunate thur Mrs Alaby terself, for one by one they had married and let her so that her old age would have been desolate indeed if her Professor had not been spared to her. Mrs Cewey, of course, knew the run of all the bachelor clergy in the University, and was the very person to assist M's 
Allaby finding areligible assistant order tus tard, so this tust 7amed lady drove over one moming or the November of 1825. by arrangement, to take an early dinner with Mis Cowey and spend the afternoon. After dinner the two ladies retired together, and the business of the day began. How they faced, how they saw through one another, with what loyalty they pretended not to see through one another, with what gente dalliance they prolonged the conversation discussing the spiritual fitness of this or that deacon, and the other pros and cons commested with im aterhk spiritual fitness had been disposed of all this must be left the imagination of the reader. Mrs Cowe had been so accustomed to scheming on her own account that she wand scheme for anyone rather than not scheme at all. Meroy mothers turned to her in their hour of seed and provided they were spiritually minded, Mr Cowey never failed to do her best for them if the marriage of a young Bachelor of Arts was not made in Heaven, it was probably made, or at aw rate attempted, Mrs Cowey's drawing-room. On the present occasion all the deacorts of the University in whom there burked and spark of promise were echaustively discussed, art the upshot was that our friend Theobald was declared by Mrs Cowey to be abat tile best thing she could do that afternoon. "I dont know that he's a particularly tescinating young man, mydear," said Mrs Cowey, and he's only a second son, but then he's got his fellowship, and even the second son of such a man as Mr Pontifex the publisher should have something very comfortable." -"Why vas, my deart" rejoined mrs Allahy complacently, that's what are rather feels." 
_ The interview, like all other good things had to come to an end, the days were short, and Mrs Allaby lad a similes' drive to Crampsford. When she was mofled up and had taken her seat, Mr Alaby's factokun, James, cadd perceive no change in her appearance, andlitde kotew what 4 series of delightfil visions he was driving home along with his mistress. Professor Cowey lod publisited works trough Theobald's father, and Theobald had on this account been taken in tow by Mrs Cowey from the beginning of he Universlo careek. She had had hereje upon him for some tine past, and 
TITLE 
. 
TTO 
11 
11 
1W II 
1 
WATE VIPUU 
U 
TC 
ILI 
1 
OS 
I