?strength or time to do so, and this caused me great regret. I have -in the French edition- alluded to your work, which will also be published in English, as you will see in m y paper, and which I will send you. -680-5. "Notes on the Fertilisation of Orchids." "Ann. Mag. Nat. H ist." 1869, Volume IV., page 141. The paper gives an English version of the notes pr epared for the French edition of the Orchid book.- P.S.--By an odd chance, since I wrote the beginning of this letter, I have received one from Dr. Hooker, who has been reading "Fur Darwin": he finds that he has not knowledge enough for the first part; but says that Chapters X. and XI. "strike m e as remarkably good." He is also par ticularly struck with one of your highly suggestive remarks in the note to page 119. Assuredly all who read your book will greatly profit by it, and I rejoice that it has appeared in English. LETTER 681. TO F. MULLER. Down, December 1st -1869-. I am much obliged for your letter of October 18th, with the curious account of Abutilon, and for the seeds. A fr iend of mine, Mr. Farrer, has lately been studying the fertilisation of Passiflora -681-1. See L etters 701 and 704.-, and concluded from the cur iously crooked passage into the nectary that it could not be fertilised by humming-birds; but that Tacsonia was thus fertilised. Therefore I sent him the passage from your letter, and I enclose a copy of his answer. If you are inclined to gratify him by making a few obs ervations on this subject I shall be much obliged, and will send them on to him. I enclose a copy of my rough notes on your Eschscholtzia, as you m ight like to see them. Somebody has sent me from Germany two papers by you, one with a most curious account of Alisma -681-2. See Letter 672.-, and the other on crustaceans. Your observations on the branchiae and hear t have interes ted me extremely. Alex. Agassiz has just paid me a visit with his wife. He has been in England two or three months, and is now going to tour over the Continent to see all the zoologists. We liked him very much. He is a gr eat admirer of yours, and he tells me that your correspondence and book first made him believe in evolution. This must have been a great blow to his father, who, as he tells me, is very well, and so vigorous that he can work twice as long as he -the son- can. Dr. Meyer has sent me his translation of Wallace's "Malay Ar chipelago," which is a valuable work; and as I have no use for the translation, I will this day forward it to you by post, but, to save postage, via England. LETTER 682. TO F. MULLER. Down, May 12th -1870-. I thank you for your two letters of December 15th and March 29th, both abounding with cur ious facts. I have been particular ly glad to hear in your last about the Eschscholtzia -682-1. See Letter 677.-; for I am now rearing crossed and self-fertilis ed plants, in antagonism to each other, from your semi-s terile plants so that I may compar e this comparative growth with that of the offspring of English fer tile plants. I have forwarded your postscr ipt about Passiflora, with the seeds, to Mr. Farrer, who I am sure will be gr eatly obliged to you; the turning up of the pendant flower plainly indicates some adaptation. When I next go to London I will take up the specimens of butterflies, and show them to Mr. Butler, of the British Museum, who is a learned lepidopter ist and interested on the subject. This reminds me to ask you whether you r eceived my letter -asking- about the ticking butter fly, descr ibed at page 33 of my "Journal of Res earches"; viz., whether the sound is in anyway sexual? Perhaps the species does not inhabit your island. - 682-2. Papilio feronia, a Brazilian species capable of making "a clicking noise, s imilar to that produced by a toothed wheel passing under a spring catch."--"Journal," 1879, page 34.- The cas e descr ibed in your last letter of the trimorphic monocotyledon Pontederia is grand. -682-3. This cas e interes ted Darwin as the only instance of heterostylism in Monocotyledons. See "Forms of Flowers," Edition II., page 183. F. Muller's paper is in the "Jenaische Zeitschrift," 1871.- I wonder whether I shall ever have time to recur to this subject; I hope I may, for I have a good deal of unpublished mater ial. Thank you for telling me about the first-formed flower having additional petals, stamens, carpels, etc., for it is a possible m eans of transition of form; it seems also connected with the fact on which I have insis ted of peloric flowers being so often terminal. As pelorism is strongly inherited -and -I- have just got a curious cas e of this in a leguminous plant from India-, would it not be worth while to fertilise some of your early flowers having additional organs with pollen from a similar flower, and see whether you could not make a race thus character ised? -682-4. See Letters 588, 589. Also "Variation under Domestication," Edition II., Volume I., pages 388-9.- Some of your Abutilons have germinated, but I have been very unfortunate with most of your seed. You will r emember having given me in a former letter an account of a very curious popular belief in regard to the subsequent progeny of asses, which have borne mules; and now I have another case almost exactly like that of Lord Morton's mare, in which it is said the shape of the hoofs in the subsequent progeny are affected. -Pangenesis will turn out true some day!- -682-5. See "Animals and Plants," Edition II., Volume I., page 435. For recent work on telegony see Ewart's "Exper imental Investigations on Telegony," "Phil. Trans. R. Soc." 1899. A good account of the subject is given in the "Quarterly Review," 1899, page 404. See also Letter 275, Volum e I.- A few months ago I received an interesting letter and paper from your brother, who has taken up a new and good line of investigation, viz., the adaptation in insects for the fertilisation of flowers. The only scientific man I have seen for several months is Kolliker, who came her e with