TITULLI 
III 
I LLLLLLL 
LI 
C 
ANANAS 
- 
TI 
TILL 
LL 
L 
I 
T 
11 
TIL 
. 
almost as much felt it her duty to get himof her list of young man for whom whes had to be provided as poor Mis A aby did to toy and get a husban for one her daughters. She now wrote and asked him to come and see her, in terms that awakened his curiosity. When he came she broached the subject of Mr Allaby's failing health, and after the smoothing away of such diffiadties as were only Mrs Cowey's de, considering the interest she had taken, it was allowed to come to pass that Theobald should gato Crampsford for so successive Sundays and take the half of Mr Alaby duty at half a guined a Sunday for Mrs Cowey at down the usual stipend mercilessly, and Theobald was not strong enough to resist. Ignorant of the plots which were being prepared for his peace of mind and with no idea beyond that fearning his three guineas, and perisaps of astortisiting the intabitants of Crampsford by he academic leaming, Theobald walked over to the Rectory one Sundo moming early in December-aew weeks only after he had been ordained. He had taken a great deal of paies with his semmon, which was on the subject of geology-then coming to the fore as a 
ਝਾਵ ਝਾਟੈਬ. ਛਡਾਵਾਙ ਸ ਹ ਬਹgਸ 
čer srg -- ਸਾਵਣtgr poom-pboh it--it cofimed the absolutely historical character of the Mosaic account of the Creation as given in Genesit. Any phenomena which at first sight appeared to make against this view were only partial phenomena and broke down upon investigation. Nothing could be in more excelent taste, and when Theobald adjoured to the rectory, where he was to dike between the services, Mr Alaby complimented him wamly upon his debut, while the ladies of the family could hard find words with wizich to apress their adiniration. Theobda krew nothing about women. The only women he had been thrown i contact with were his sisters, two of whom were always correcting luim, and a few school friends whom these had got their fatrer to ask to Elmlausi. These young ladies had either been so sloy that they and Theobald had never amalgamated, or they had been supposed to be clever and had said smart things to hm. He did not say smart things himself and did not want other people to say them. Besides, they talked about misic--and he hated music or pictures and he hated pictures--or books and except the classics he hated books. And then sometimes he was wanted to dance with them, and he did not know how to dance, and did not want to know. A Mrs Cowey's parties again he had seen some young ladies and had been introduced to them. He had tried to make himself agreeable, but was alivays left with the impression that he had not been success. The young ladies of Mrs Cowey's set were by no meant the most attractive that might have been found in the University, and Theobald may be excused for not losing his heart to the greater number of them, while if for a minute or twp he was thrown in with one of the prettier and more agreeablegins he was almost immediately cut out by someone less bashful than himself, and sneaked off, feeling as far as the fair sex was concemed, like the impotent man at the pool of Bethesda. What a really nice girt might have done with him I cwmor tell, but jate had thrown none such in his way except his youngest sister Alethea, whom he might perhaps have liked if she had not beer his sister. The result o his experience was that women hd never done him all good and he was not accustomed to associate them with any pleasure; if there was a part of Hamlet in connection with them it wad been so completely cut out in the edition of the play in which he was requured to act that he had come to disbelieve in its existence. As for kissing, he had never kissed a woman in his lifelexcept his sister and my own sisters when we were all smal children together. Over and above these kisses, he had until quite lately been required to imprint a solemn flabby kiss night and moming upon his father's cheek, and this, to the best of my belief, was the extent of Theobald's knowledge in the matter of kissing, at the time of which I am now writing. The result of the foregoing was that he had come to dislike women, as mysterious beings whose wors were not as his ways, nor feir thoughts as his thoughts. With these antecedents Theobald naturally felt rather basgul on finding himself the admired of five strange young ladies. I remember when I was a boy myself I was once asked to take tea at a girls' school where one of my sisters was boarding. I was then about opelve years old. Everting Wert of well during tea-time, Jo: tir Lady Principal of the establislment was present. But there came a time when site went away and I was left alone with the gins. the moment the mistress's back was turned the head girl, who was bout my own age, came up, pointed her finger at me, made a face and said solemnly, "Ana-a-sty do oy!" All the girds followed her in rotation making the same gesture and the same reprdach upon by being a boy. It gave me dgreat scare. I believe I cried, and I know it was a long time before could agan face a gyt without a strong desire to put away! 
* 
TI 
TI 
TH 
I 
ITU 
( 
TTTTT 
ILLUTIILI ULTI 
LIT 
.