TITULLI 
III 
I LLLLLLL 
LI 
ANANAS 
1 
TE 
G 
D 
of a lack of ferveur in his behaviour to her. I need not give Christina's answer, which of course was to accept. Much Theataldeared old Mr Alatv-de-fettu he would have wrought up his courage-to-the-poite factually proposing but for the fact of the engagement being necessarily a long ore, during which a dozen things might ttum up to break it off. However much he may have disapproved long engagements for other people, I doubt whether he had any particular objection to them in his own case. A pair of lovers are like sunset and sun rise: there are such things every day but we very seldom see them Theobald posed as the most ardent lover imagindble, but, to use the vulgarism for the moment in fashion, it was all "side." Christina was in love, as indeed she had been twenty times already But then Coristina was impressionable and could not even hear the name "Missolonghi" mentioned without bursting into tears. When Theobald accidentally left this sermon case berind him bne Sunday, she slept with it in her bosom and was forlorn when she had as it were to disgorge it on the following Sunday; but I do not think Theobald eer took so much as and toothbrush of Christina's to bed with him. Why, knew a young man once who got hold of luis mistress's skates and slept with them for a fortnig it and cried when he had to give them up. Theobald's engagement was all very well as far as twent, but there was an old sertleman with a bald head and rosy cheeks in a counting house in Paternoster Row wito Must sooner or later be told of what is son lad in view, ad Theobal's heart fluttered when he asked himself what view this old gentleman was likely to take of the situation. The murder, however, had to come out, and Theobald and is intended, perhaps imprudently, resolved on making a clean breast of it at once. He wrote what he and Christina, who helped him to draft the letter, thought to be everything that was filal, and expressed himself as amcious to be married with the least possible delay. He could not help saying this, as Chrstina Was Ofis SHOLTI 002 KIEWII Was sajë, por ins Farer mgr te tristeUNO TOTEPTIM. HE WOLtdy by asking TTS father o use any influence that might be at his command o help him to get a lving, inasmuch as it might be years before a college living fell vacant, and he saw no other citance of being able to marry, for neither he nor his intended had any money except Theobalds jellowship, which would, of course, lapse on his taking a wife. Ary step of Theobdd's was sure to be bjectionable in his father's eyes, but tirat at three-end-twerty he should want to marry penniless girl who was four years older than himself, aforded a golden opportunity which the old gentleman for so I may now call him, as fue was at least snij-embraced with characteristic eagemess. "The ineffable folly " he wrote, on receiving his son's lettet, "ofyour fancied passion for Miss Allaby fills me with the gravess apprehensions. Making every dlowance for a lover's blindness, I still have no doubt that the lady herself is a well-carducted and amiable young person, who would not disgrace our family, but were she tentimes more desirable as a daughter-in-law than I can allow yiyself to hope, your joint porerty is an superable objection to your marriage. I have jour other chédren besides yourself, and my expenses do not permit me to save money. This year they have been especially heavy, ideed I have had to purchase two not inconsiderable pieces of land wluich happened to come into the marker and were necessary to complete a property which have long wanted to round of in this way. I gave you an 
education regardless of expense, whic' has put you in possession of a comfortable income, at an age when mary young men are dependend I have this started you fainly in life, and may dam that you should cease to be a drag upon me fiurther. Long engagements are proverblally unsatisfacon, and in the present case the prospect seems interminable. What interest, pray, do you suppose I leave that I could get alming for you? Can / goup and down the cownin begging people to provide for my son because he was taken it into his head to want to get married without suficient means? "I do not wish to write unkindly, nothing can be farther from my real feelings towards you, but there soften more kindness in plain speaking than in any amount of soft words wuch can end in no substantial performance. Of course, I bear in mind that you are of age, and can the refere please yourself, but if you choose to daim the strict letter of the law, and act without consideration for your father's feelings, you must not be surprised if you one day find that I have claimed d like libery for myself.-Beleve me, your affectionate father, G. PONTIFEX." Haurtis letterdong with those already gwen and a few more which I need not gue, but throughout which the same tone prevails, and in all of which there is the more or less obvious shake of the will near the end of the letter. Remembering Theobald's gereral chumbness contemning his father for the many years I blew him after his father's death, there was an eloquence in the preservation of the letters and in their endorsement Letters from my father, which seemed to have with it some faint odour of health and nature. Theobald did not show His father's letter to Christina, nor, indeed, I believe to any one. He was by nature secretive, and had been repressed too much and too early 
1 
2 
. 
DULE 
HCL 
. 
TULE 
RIOT 
DU 
- 
ITULLI 
TTT 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII