TITULLI 
III 
IIIIIIIII 
I LLLLLLL 
LI 
NAS 
LILL 
TT 
. 
L 
LILIT 
WIL 
TV 
€ 
LTD 
UUDL 
. 
leadensky and snov-clad tombstones. Somehow or other find the strain which Handel Has wedded to the words. There the pauglunan kearat hand," has got into my head and there is no getting it out again How marvellously old Handel understood these people! 
They boo to Theobald as they passed the reading desk ("Tre people hereabouts are truly respectfid," whispered Christna to me, "they know their betters."), and take their seats in a long row against the wall. The choir clamber up into the gallery with their instruments- a violoncello, a clarinet and a trombone. I see then and soon I hear then, for there is a hymn-before the service, a wild strain, a-remant, if I mistake not, of some pre-Reformation Litary. I have heard what believe was its remote musical progenitor in the church of SS. Giovanni e Paolo at Venice pot five years since; and again I have heard it far away ih mid-Atlantic upoh agrey sea Sabbath in June, wizen neither winds nor waves are stirrig, so that the emigrants gatheron deck, and their plaintive psalm goes forth upon the siper fraze of the sky, and on the widerness of a sea that has sighed till it can sigh no longer. Or it may be heard at some Methodist Camp Meeting uponą Welsh hillside, but in the churches it is gone for ever. If it were a musician I would take it as the subject for the adagio ina Wesleyan symphony. Gone How are the darinet, trde violoncello and the trombone, wild mainstrelsy as of the doleful creatures in Ezekiel, discordant, but infinitely pathetic. Gore is that searebabestentor, that belowing bull of Bashan the village blacksmith, gone is the melodicus carpenter, gone the brawny shepherd with the red hair, who roared more lustily than all util they came to the words, "Shepherds with your flocks abidhg," where modesty covered him with confiesion, and compelled him to be silent, as through his own health-were bergantuk.They were deemed and trad d presentimento evil, even when first I saw them, but they had stil a little lease of choir life remaining, and they roared out [wicked hands hate pierced and nailed him, pierced and raded him to a tree.] but no description can give a proper idea of the fect. When I was last in Battersby church there was a harmonium played by a sweet- looking gif with a choir of school children around her, and they charted the cantcles to the most correct of charts, and they sang Hymns Ancient and Modern, the hgh pews were gone, ray, the very gallery in which the old choir had stng was removed as an accured thing which might remind the people of the high places, ara Theobald was old, and Christina was lying under the yew trees in the churchyard. But in the evening later on I saw three very old men come clmckling out of a disserting chapel, and surely enough they Were my old friends the blacksmith, the Carpenter and the shepherd. There was a took of content upon their faces with made me feel certain they had been singing, not doubtless with the ad glory of the violoncello, the clarinet and the trombere, but still songs of Ston and no new fangled papišto. _ _The lymn had engaged my attention when it was over I had time to take stock of the congregation. They were chiefly farmers-fat, very well-to-do ok, who had come some of them with their wives and children from outlying farms two and one miles away, haters of popen am of arvoting which wy one mighr choose to Soy was popist, good, sensible 
fellows who detested theory of any kind, whose ideal was the maintenance of the status quo with perhaps a loving reminiscence of old wartimes, and a sense of wrong that the weather was not more completely under their control, who desired higher prices and cheaper wages, but otherwise were most contented when things were changing least, tolerators, if not lopers, of all that was familiar, haters of all that was unfamiar; they would have been equally horrijked at hearing the Christian-religion-doubted, and at seeing-it practised: "What can there be in common between Theobald and his parishioners?" said Christina to me, in the course of the evening, when her husband was for a few momerets absent. "Of course one must not complain, but I assure you it grieves me to see a man of Tileobald's ability thrown away upon such a place as this. If we had only been at Goysbury, where there are the A's, the B's, the C's, and Lord D's place, as you brow, quike dose, I should not then have felt that we were living in such a desert, but I suppose it for the best," she added more cheerfully; "and then of course the Bishop wit come to us whenever he is in the neighbourhood, am ij we were af Gaysbury he might have gone to Lord 
D's." Perhaps I hate now said enough to indicate the kind of place in which Theobalds lines were cast, and the sort of woman he had married. As for his own habits, I see him trudging through muddy lanes and over long sweeps plover haunted pastures to vist a dying cottager's wife. He takes her weat and wine from his own table, and that not a little only but liberally. According to his lights also, he administers what he is pleased to call spiritual consolation. 
android going to Hell, Stras The Sick woman Yura Witte. "Oh, SiT, save me, save me, cortet me go there. I couldn't stand it, Sir, should die with fear, the vepy thought of it drives me into a cold sweat all over." 
ITT 
HT 
ID: 
LI 
STTM 
JUT TILLLLLLLL 
SI 
IL12 
11 11 1 
IT 
11 
lu 
1 1 
LI 
F 17 
LT