Foundat on. They sometimes itched quantities of stone anund the les to serde as suppo is in a manner as he Monet "In att p pooriy e Stones se ver commee TO TİRT Juvex sper by means of canoes, adeo 
There di ere piles of peckled tout fit to be eaten popes and kings taken in the little puse kahes and streams tributar to the Momoreno bordly sciron that swarmd in the chal weird along the scores of the pt. Lawree and hugeels, thic as the aim of the sher wihdrav til om up from their ricriver beds. There were sacks of meal grown in the banal min of the seniories or the pe ple's bred but the latinettes o vellore 
C reofthe good of 3 ruota m 
e toder, 
MPETITE prices. The jungty Muldren to used t eat cartres of br ad buited on both sides wer now accustomed to the cry their frugt i mother is she spread it hin as if it rere gold leaf: "Me enfants, he care of the butter The Commissaries the Arp, in oth words te agents of the Gand Commy, had ster the schements for and ned of their hards, and it habitats soon discovered at the deposure for sale in th market of the Lprodud of the dair was seen followed by a sit from the purchons of the m an the sensum of their 
remaig cattle. Roots and other esants of Field and garden we more pie ciful in the market, agrong what might / roe been see the nerd introdued potatd --a vegetable long despised » Na Face, then ardured, and nor beginning to be like and widely cultio ted as a prime article of sustenance. At the upper angle of the square food a lof fross or it Road overtoping the 1 w roofs the shop and boot in its neighborhood About the foot of the cross wd platform of timbe raised fere feet from the ground, go g a commanding vice of the whole Marie-pla. A crord of habitans over gathered round the platform istening, some with exclamations of approval, norinmigia on the art of ofers with sounds of flissent, to he fervent ddress of one of the Jesuit Fathers fron the College, coho ith cruc fic in had was prunching to the people on the ones and bad slidings of the times. Father Clapton, Superir of the drder in Mu Francala grave, sauminen, and scoral other fathers in a se black assochs did square caps, stood behind the preach , watching with heen eye the faces of the audit ry as if discove who wod for and who were against te sentiment and opinion pramugu buthe, peacher So, had it been a di puted port cohether man sos a denis en of this planet at the time we en the ared in questa was coc tred by waitr, të wou have ben settled beyond daouot by these relid of his ind stry, cuentrough portion of the lumen frame set mer entirely anting. And, in ality, pro As of this ture are just as satisfactory as it world be to iscover man bo's. If on desert land, we find arrote heads, jadins, a place w ere there a been aj re, split ones, and other - debris--of a feas, we are a much justitied 27 asserting that man rad been sere, is de would had w seen hin with our con eyes. 12 the same manner, we date in any sir za of the ast any indou bred products of huma industry such as we spons, or in plements and onziments in sch positid that we know the could not have been deposited there si ce the formation of the bed seyf, we hd e no hesitancy in a seri ing at man imself islof the san antiquit) as the stratt contain to the implements. In the great majority of cases, this is the on_kind of evidenc possible to dance It is not well knord a that the first stage in the a ture of any people is what called the Stone Age. That is it say, the weapons and implerents were made film stond or at least the majority of the were w ill disas on another page this point, and also the grounds eading is to wife that man of the art emely rude forms are really the work of an. Let u now ret m to the Miocene 4ge, in thich we dle to see the presente of mar In 1867 a French golog ist, i the name of Bourrois, wib had be a search inte some bed of the Midrene Age near Tinay, Fransfound number ints of such a aliar si pe that 12 conclude they could only be explain a oy suppos ng that in form 1 them. 7 this as there is o question as to the che of the stiltu m conta ing the flint All geo gists are agreed that it is of the Miodne Age. The questio then is, wether the Flints core artificia y autor not. Onths questio there has been a great dion of opion, and we can not better than to examine and se where the Principal scientific men sand on the point. In 1872, ai th scientifi congres in Brussel, this question was referred in a committee com osed of the most com atent men from the 
Teren CounT1788 Europe 2012 TYY TO SA that, o r a Timugit consiferation of them, The Niges tuer unable by agree. So we accepted them, olers rejected them, and still bt hers were undecide. Some of the latter have sike become onvinced I recent discoveries 
hey stuntered on towards turn oft le stream onere a little poo lay emixed like a smooth mirrr rolectig thegassy bank mehe sa dowon uider a tree while Ferre cros ad over t) brook to ather on the opposite 
IS 
- 
TULLI 
1 MUHIMU 
III 
III I 
1 
WWW. 
MALISME 
ILU 
. 
IIIIIIIII 
LLLLLLLLLLLLL