LLLLLLLL 
I 
are Fiola's heiress, vith right to enter nio possesion of Ir whole kingdom "The wat r-lilies, Piirre, those and thod, and those they are o deck ti shrine of Notre Dame des Victoires. Lumi has d pow there, nd to morront it must be and 7 Too H2 bo ed up at er w/ ves of ad piration. A von me share a 78 paymena melie," said he. "2 bu may, Juz you sh. 7 not ask me what it is. There now, did not wet yourself further 2 ou have gathered more lilies than we din carry home." "But I have it own t) mk-offering to make to Notre I ame des Vitoires, for I think I love God even better for your sahe, Artelie. " "Fi Pierre, sa not that and yet know what you med. Tought to reprock you, but for your penance bu shall gather more 7 ies, for 1 
Cocou need mam bragars e ries to empt "sis hesitate to finish the sentend i do | Amelie, said he completing for meantig: "7 do: t it is 7tle better Pierre, you love as you sty. But vol 
shall jotain my offering, and that wu77110 for bont. Please pu 7 that one wnd of lilies a nd more, br Our Lady of Victory will judge you han er than I do. "Pier stepped from side to ston over the entle brook, gatherine the golden 7lies, wille Amen, clasped er hands und silently thank a God foil is happy tour of her life. She hardy cred trustlerse to ok at Pire except by furti a glance of pride dud a afe on; but as is formed features were relec ed in a s7 dow of canly bed in the still poo she withdraw nor he loving gal from shadow and leaning forward towards is image "A thousand times she kissed him in brook, Across the Flowers with basi levelids de con" Atelie had ovally g pen her 7 ve to Pietre Philibet. She had wen it without stint or mesure, and uith a dpth and strength devotion of which more facii natures in nothing. Pierre, with his bullen of golen milies came back over the brook a d seated limey best te her; his dm ancircle ther, and se held his and firmly clasper in 2017 Of hers. 
The fatican, in moment of icons stency anting m ude, tudered at them from the other. Toy were the midst of fire, an stil the ability and influence over tidwidua consciends, and esp rally over te female ser, proinged their lower for lifteen yels longer when Luis XV. river to the wall by the Jansen 2 ts, issued his mem rable decret declaring the Jest its to be in bels, tra fors, and stirrers u. of mischi The King confiscatto their possessions proscribe their pe sons, and banished them from the kingdom as en mies of the State. Paire 
LI I 
I 
1 
LII 
. 
HILI 
NO 
TULLI 
Jogues and the allements who had preached the Evangelio 17 wild iriiis of the forest, and roticed whe2 they on the crown of martyrdomfr themseles. Monti was a fold man this wocy, nd ready to dare an bold deed in the inter sts of rela 107, what he coul not disociate from the interests of luis order. He stood up, caci and ommanding upon the platform under the Holy Rood, wohi he addre sed with ry eloquente and Tid Tian gestiuitionThe troud of copie gapered Tozza mehe super he chose US an tig One enturg upon the coming of Antichst and on the philosophy of the age the growth of Fallicanis in the Clory, with is schismatc progen of Janse tists and Honnete Gens, to the discouragement of the religion and the endahgering of inmortal buls. His covert allsions a la sharonuendoes were perfettu understod by his hears, and sigas of disse tient f277 g were fe among the croda. Still, the people animued to sten, one who respectful for, col. ccr id loe the entinen Of Old Arance with respected the Jesuits. they had Nec France in krited the profound respect of the colorists, and leserved i A fav ge tlemen, sonde in military, so ma n fashiondble cuila fire, stro led up to ards the crowd, it stood mewhat at of and outside of it. The mart people pressed close and closer round the play m, lista ing with youths opd and eager aves to the serm , storing away in their rete tide mellories, w ich woui reproduce every word of it cohe they sati roun the fireside in the coming wi ter centes. One r tuo Recollets stoga at a modest distance from the CrOTO , sti//as si tu es, 2017, their la as hid in the stearts of the gray gore is, saime their dead at the arguments, and it more the ind i moes of The preacher: for 11 Recollett cere accu ed, wrong Tly perhdos, of sloving the be propostions of ort Roya more than beseen the luble followers of St. Flicisto , and hey either ould not of would be repelte accusation. "Patre Monti Leserves the best thank of the Interiant for the sermon, remarhat the Sied d'Estellato Le 1ercier, xolo accompanied him. And the dorst thans of His Ecellency Cound it was odd of the talian id beard the Governor n that man er! But la 
III I 
. 
LE 
LE 
not takso, Le Mercier late the myself, et egadam not philosophenough 1d let them h o it. On man do so in P ris, but ni in Na France. Besides, the Jesuit are just row our fas friends, and it does or do to quirrel with þur suppo ters," "7 rue, D'Eltebe! W. get no hi lo from the Recolles Look yond rat Brothers Åmirse and Dime? The could 1 ie to tie i adre M inecind heels fith the cols of St. Fincis, an oind 
. 
LLLLLLLLLLLLLLL