LILL 
LLLLLLLL 
III 
TTTTTTTTT 
1 
. 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
TI 
LILIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
journe, ceapons where it to defend zimself, and his fi borite implements, so that, arr bed at the 2 nd of spirits, re would arvell pros ded for later 2 date than the solid oles, and probabl y of thm areng earlier 17 time than the Age of Leta k. There, however, nothing to show that all belo to solte a tim. Besides, xperiment have amp shocon dat even the hardest kid of fimt can be di Ted with but the d d of mas. They sed at her for a mint te in sol ym silend, before Louding her fair i ce and sie derform their last winding-sheet. Bigot was oorpowere, with his feelings, net strop. to master them, as gulped do in the ris ng 
in his throat colic at times most stringled hi. Cada eager to get his part til task ofer, took fron the slander finger of Croline a ing, a lo-sit of got, an from her neck a g lden lochd containing his portrit and a ck of his hair. A rose by hung 4ther want this det also latached, s a precious relic to be given to the Interdant by ano by. The te was on thread of silk zoren into the coarse empen natyre of Cadd Bigot STOODED Corun and save ner lite tips a la cres, TO HICH ne 7 za tenda y closed, tast desparing oss, fora veiling er face with the wining-sheet as sheid, whites a snord-orit, and as cold. They wrappe her sofin the blat kets, and althout a dord spok 2, Towere the still lissomiboy into it rude grade. The awf 1 silence was only broken by the spasnbdic soos of Bigors he leared over de grave to look his last upon the form of all fair gachom he ad betrad and bipught to his until end Mea culpMea ma rima culpa said he, beating his breasz. Oh, Cadd, we are burying like a log! Io not, I cannot do it!" The intend nt's feelings 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
TU 
ELITI 
Taw 
TIITIT 
LE 
hastily, filled up the grave an replacig quith which are the stone la is over it, swept the debris int the passag, and spread the carpet again smoothly or the for. Even trace of the dreadfuldeed was a literated in the camber of turder. Clie, aat by think of ever thing at this suprehe moment would landno ground of susp lion for Dime Tremloy when she came in the m ming to pisit the d amoer. Sy should that that he lady hd gone awd with her master de mysteriously as she had come, and nd further inquiry would be made after 12 Anima Life large reptilian Theclas Mamma represented by sarsupia. Cenozoid Time. Tertiary, or ge of Marmals. Eocche. Mioce 2. Plioceze. Quarc nary, or Age of 72Glacilor Pleisti cene. Recent. At the close of the Meso do time, at elevations of land took face in th Americ and Eurde, especial in the northe portions . This could not to 24 24 grad 
, both nimalan begetable During Eocene or first drsion of th Tertia Age, we have sin bly to not the stead progress of life. There were forests species of bars, popers, mapits, hichors, and other com on trees, and others ou found in tropica regions. Plm trees cre grosing in the upper issouri ilgion of th United States. And England das decided y a land of Paims, a no less tan thirtein species are kneden to have been growing there. Cpresses, yaus, ad pies gnced the scene.-22- Pur special interest centers, Loweoer, the mamals of this poch. 7 Palconi eruum. - In the precez mg pool marsupis on W era represented. But 7 oeds on the middle and cOSZ 8 portion of the Eocne period we mea vith a su den incitase of mammalian life. Wha-like anims were especia 11 abundant in the seas; and on our Western plans were animals like the tapirs - India, an rhinoceros-7he an mals as Zrge as e bhants-2-but Iuding no funks, and diminutio litt le animais not larger than fores, from which have to me our horses. El rope al had a dried Man mualian fana. There were 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
LUI 
IIIIIIITTI 
L 
. 
LEPT CU 
T 
. 
on the anks of the swers. H os of hose-like animals, de out the site of She and ponia, fed on the meadores 24- Animals that lead the old were present, or t least and near at presentat bes.-25- 4 mong the fish-eating anima were creatures resembling foals, woolernes, and Iyenas.. 
The walked actor a long alley brilianth 7 minated with an eps of Bol mian glast, which shone like the diafonds, rubie, and eme a lds colch grau pon the rees in die garden Aladdin. At every angle of the εεσττττττττττττττττττττττπ= έκτακτη σειι- , τττεττε , στοντά τη στατιτε οτττττε, τη φή, στη πτττ, in zrian mari, holding a torch, which 177minated a great d e running over with fresiz, blog ning flowers, presenting a vista of rova, magnifidence cohid bore te timony to the weal and spielaid tastes of the Inte dant. The garden wais were no deserto their beuty dra oui maily a couple who sauna red merrill or loving, doua the pleacl d avenud, which boked like the corn hors of a gorgeous? -decorated palace. Bight and 
- 
T 
IIIIIII 
IIIIIII 
LU 
. 
III 
IIIIIIIIIIII 
II