LILL 
LLLLLLLL 
III 
ті 
LEHTI 
TT TITI 
. 
- 
7 
FE 
LITTIILIT 
IT 
discover that Caroline had at left Bedumunoir oith the intendan. Bigot sa famt and listless in his saddle women Cide poured out a tarte aurpur Förundhand offed !1 to 7m. He d eage . Cadet ten filled and gulped Toron a larta cuprilimself, then gave other to the Intalant, and Moured and her and another for himself until, he sa a, he began to feel warm and comfortable, and got the dmnable talte of grove digging ut of his mouth!" The heavy drught con ch Cada forced the intended to take lieved hit somewhat but he groand incoarah Ind would not spea. Cada ispected is mood, ong bida ng him rid fast. The spurred their he sesand nd le swift unobsoned ham one aunt thaumered thee. tes of the Palace of the Intendant. The anival of the Intendale or the four Cad at the Palace at doy untime hour of the night crited no rem trk whated for it is the ruit, rather can the acception with them both. understanding, I thought way a dread li name. I wish va had shton in your lecture het science quid practic ly be tauglt in a gre schools Thade often heard it objects that this could not done, and I never Lue moitosa kansruer heartiLane that would me to see your med and labour produce a bod fit LETTER 775. 7 HERBERT SPENCER Down, Decemoeroth -1861. I thank you very sineret for our kind present of your "Fs Princi les."-775-1. "This must i ve been the second dition." - Tote by Mr. Spencer. I ea mest hope that fore lont I may 1 rve strength to stu fy the won as it out to be si died, for I m certa to find br re-find auch that deeplyterest ing In man parts of your "Prisciples of Bology"I ne is fairly astonished at the podigality of your originalozus. -77-2. See 'Life and Letters,"77.pages 55, 56.- Most of thechien Amed suggestions for whole comes are reserches. 4 hade head that you de change your residince, I am forced to laddress this to Mesrs. Willams & Nbrgate; and for the same reason 
gave so ne time ago the same ddress Mr. M rray for copy of book of variation etc., cohich is now I finished but delaye oy the ex-mahtr. 
LETTER 776.7 7.H. HUXLE 4-776-7. This letter refers to a moverlent set on foot at a meeting held at the Freem sons Tace z on Nos ember th. 1872. bf which an account is gwa mn the "Tres of Mosem er 9 r. 1872, ulich Merk Pattison, Mr. Honry Sidetuick, Si Banja ma Brodie, Professors Rolleston, cley, Hurley, CIC., were present. the "Times" says that the meting wd held " members the Unicursities and thers mterested in the promotion of mature tudy and scientific research in England. One of the heading of the "Program of Disa ssion" code "The Abolition of Prize now shz." See bahs, Octo er 99d-1579-12 beeilgild to sign for the parts for anong thous e sal that the 4 mense finds of the Unwerfities should be wasted in Fellooships, abeprafete for po ng foredcation. But when I was at Camorlage it wou have been an unj stifiable reer to ve spoke of the pice as one for education always excepti & the men who went for hor purs. Yo speak o another solution in the interest of the ti-letter coritmg association/" - but als, this neer arno! I should like a ociety for red so that wery one night recebe pleasant letters and neer answer then we run home bon Saturday, after free weeks of the most stounding duines, dong nong and mmg nothing I hope 7 Bram 7128 77 - For mysey 77 is a read u dong nothng.-776-2. uro in rerned io poron from Seven as on Sturday, ctober 267 1872, witch fixes date of the letter 
LETTER 777 TO LAIX DERBY. Dowej, Saturday -1872. If you had called bere after I had read the 
1 
: 
III IIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
LI 
HT 
LLLLLLLLLLL LLLLLIITTI 
IN 
you could have found auch perpred mar. -777-1 Probad. Sir W rookes' "A searches in the Phenomena of Spiritualism-reprint from the "Quartetty Jour al of Science", Lo don, 1874 Other papirs by Chokes are the "Prodredings of the Society for Ps thical Research." - I cannot disbelime r. Crooke's statement, nor can believe in his resum. t has refoved some of my faulty that the su posed porefr is not an momaw, but is conmon in a lesser degile to varpus persofs. It is dso a consolation to flect that gravity act at any distance, in someholly hnoton manner, a soma nerve-free. Noth ag is so dificult to dedide as 07.bre to orar ut tinc foetrocent Steptam credit. Tolong time before scientific meat paid och to the 27 of aerotes; and this was chly own to so nich bad pidence in the prefent case, beng mized up wit the good 11 sorts of objects are said i have ben seen fiting from the sky. Id ery much hope that a number of men, uch as P Ofessor Stokes, will be induo winess Mr. Cooke's alriments. - 178-1. 7 to folldoing atrats my be given in urther i111 stration of Danefn's guiding principi in weighis cidond. He wrol to Robert Chamber April 3th, 1861. "Thank also for at met out of nerespder about loks and rous 
LUT 
. 
. 
I 
I 
IIIIIIIIIIII