LILL 
LLLLLLLL 
III 
LL 
TITELLES 
against the scepticim of scientific men You world not fi minate site so much if you had had so npry wild goose clases after acts stated o menos tramed to science accue. Tote come to mself that I utter disregd a cery statement more by any one who has not stonon the tvoria he en oöserod accurately. In a lernt to Dr. Dohr, of 7 ples, Jamiary 4th 1870, D. roin w ote: "Fortive me for suggestione cautids; as Demostenes said, action, action, actin' was the soul of eloquend, so is cau on almost the soul of cience." LETTER 778. TJ. BUIDONSIDERION. Doon, Jun 16th, 187. Some little time ago Mr. Simdn-778-1 More 3 John Siz on- Seni ile the last Report .. ad vowe statement about contagion dhuinterest. a me Buhe. way, fou see Mr. Simon, ad can remember i will you thank him for me was so buy at the time that I did not worte. Having been in corespondence with Paget lantly on and ther subject, I mentioned to himn analog! which as struck n much, 729 cu that know that sheep-box is fu goid; and this analoby pleased m. It is that 
of fair rings, which are believed to spread from a centre and what they intersect the intersecting portion die out, as he myceltu cannot go whale 17 has goxon du ing pred ous years. So, agam, have never seen a reg within a ring; this seems to be a para el case toda man dmmoniy having the smallpox N once. Il magine 
that in both cases the mycelium must d su me all the matter on w ch it can losist. Necessay of a geneal acquaastance with the outlines of cology Atime in which there has no life bossible or the glo Length of this perid 1 On the formation of rocks The record imperfet The three great per ds in animalife on the globe Pal oic age Animaldad vegable life of this perida The Mepzoic agenu malan 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
L 
EL 
DL 
SETT 
LIIIIIIIIIIIII 
" 
LC 
EN 
method of roori The Ceno dc age G blogical ditline Sitch of 11 Eocene tre of the Liocene age What is sufficiat proof of the presence of man Discussio of the Renay fits The Plocene age Animal and vegetab life of this age Wa man lioig during this ageDiscussion of this subject Salming up the aidend Conclusbr. Fora dear understanding of question relating to earlyn, a madre or less extensive acquaintance to ith Geolog is requira This is no red is a difiuult task bacco mi ish. What so interesting as to un Ferstand least thoutlines of the LISTOT of life of the go ? To se now, FOTwing a dinte par, the vast odamnents have s pron to their present stue and to see how an malandregetablere have bed succes mely higher ind higher forms; to ste where in this wdidrous dam of Creation, this strange folding of life, the First fat, indeciside traces of man's presence ar to be fond; to lern what eat changes in climat in 
Geogol, and in 717, had oarred bere man's appearace, lai us uss in or if review the history of early | geologa al periods. 14s we had alread stated, there must made me a very long period of time durmi cohicho 
life non possible on the globe. Of this da we indo but little for to find no strata of rodis of an car jer date than now life, In its sim lest form to have listed.-- Still cd are not is confidet of the exitence of us cra, an the mind din dimbo mprehed the sce, when nearly foreless of an surged around the globe.-3. As to the extent of time during which there was to life, and have no means of ieterminin. That it as almost 
2 
LLL 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
of thisztended pe iod of tin faint or foes of life appear. Vor life as we are dpt to think fit. No ndiding flowers were kissed by the su shine of Lis early eme T arliest brms of werless pants, such a sea weeds, ind in dry laces poss bly licha s covering the rocs, were the highest prms of vel etable life. Animal life, fresent, forte fact is nied by fome, ocars in the pery lone se form, nerely structureless bods, with 10 espe zal organs sense, a rutritio. and the motion. Consist simply protruding and with ratu ing. hair-li processes. 4- Such as the beginning ife. Tis vast Ariod of ti, cohich icludes the gmning is known mong geologists as 4 rchean time. From the close of this the list of life troperly commences. I might well to aplain the reans with the go log ist uses to intepret the story of the globe. It is now understood that the forces of lature hd be aheaye produce the same results as they do nde. Fromth very 
earliest time to the present, nts have seen forming 
She watched my moventut of his features. It these dhitiaal moments when he seemalist falling into the snail's so ariu 7 set form. When she caug i his eve gloring with passionate adntration, she byly afted to thdraw hats from his case, tuping on Aim at the flash of her dd i gyes wheth electrific very ne ve of Izzs sensuous nature Shelt the pressure of his hand, i de dang 7 and soft ned mfled tons of his coice, she And the words of her fat were trembling of his lips, and yet dley did no come! The shadow of that pale and 
- 
UUUUUUU 
11 
E IIIIII 
- 
C 
HIIII 
TTTTTTTTTTTTTTIILIT 
. 
--- 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIII 
-- 
-