LILL 
LLLLLLLL 
LIE 
III 
X 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
D 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
IIIIIIIIIIIIII 
TE 
- 
. 
dit La Corrideau, who wors, coped a that was oil in her mother and in spite of an ocasional re cance, springs from some matern tretma arene finner secret of her tere rode prenseif mistress of the whole frmula of hisoning s taught her grd dfather Exili, ar of the as of sorcer practised her kuiched grandmother, La Voin. As L Corrietu listen to the itle of the larning offer grandm ther on de 
Place de Grove, he owen sou seemed thed in the flame which rose from ti faggots, and cohich her pervert a reason a peared as the fires fcruel iustice, cling for range on the w le race of the oppressors of her fin, as sale regardld the punishers of their crimes. With ch a paretage, and sich dari secrets rooding in her boson Marie, osephte, d, as she vas commonly calle, La Corriveau, had 1 othing in co mimo with the simple peastruiry aming when she live lears, assed over her, youth fled, and L Corrienu still sat in her house, eating heart out, silent and soliitty. After the death of her mother, some wispers of hidden treasures kiloton ony to herseyi a rumor unich si had a zingly set Float, exced the cupity of Louis Dodier, a simple habit of St.alier, andre im into a marriage toith her. It was a bar en union No 
ਜਾਣ ਜਿੰਨਾ ਨੂੰ ਵਰਤ ਉੱਤਣ ਝਾਤੀ , 7 ਨਾਲ ਨਨ ਏਰ ਤੇ 
ਹੋਨ 7 La Coteau. "You sve no right to ask that! Neither shall yo. Countie La Gissoniere But I will myself anser the despaid of Madare la Marquise de Fompadou I knot no mor perhaps iss, than yderself orth. Chaalid La Cote St. Luc, where to hon for the daughter of the aron de St. Casti and I prodaim here that I am ready to cross swords in the first gentlemde ho she I dare i leathe adable of ouit agaust the word of Franchis Bigot! Varm and Pennsauti exchange a rapid glance, art of our part of surprise. They 17. u well, Bigot lid not conda led from his intilate associates the fact that strange i dy, whose pa me they / rd not heard, vas lioing the secret chamocs of the lateau Beamdoir. Bigd never tom any coho sa was on when she came. Tatoer spicion le migl entertain their oron minds, they were too wary to express 
On the contrary, 7 rin, over more ready with a le than got, confirmed cor a loud oth the statement of the Intend ni. La Corte Si Lud looked like a buf: lion as Rigaud Vaudra .. with the familiarit of an oz friend. aid his har over his mouth, did would not lam speak Rigaud red the coming challege, and whispered audio in the car of St. Lu-- "Cout a hundred befort you spea La Come The Interlant is to be taken of his wordst at present, like, y other entlemd Fight or fact, nd for fano Be prudent La Corte! we knojy nothing the contry of om at Bigot wears td "But I doubt mu to the cohtrary, Rigual" reped La Co u ch adent of scoot and in. redulin the old pidier ched hard ndertheim but his suspicions werend facts 
-16. We must bw turn dir attention to the ulture of the Cavemen. We must rotect that long ges, with great changes of climate and l both an maland fegetable hwe road any since the remains of the early nices woerd sealed by the stalagnite formation in cafes. The clics at teir best de but scant memorial of a people long since passed and meetan not bec.can not hond zo mcon more than a generd outline. Bit this with four full of interest, ford is a pict re of Patolithic fe and times existing in Euro long ages before th pyramids of Egipt were usted. With respect to habitions, to have air ady seen that he took this ooie in cand at least onere they were suid ble. According to teir dept and the light penetrating them, te either occupied the col le extent them, established him in the cutlet only About the enter of the crue son slab of stone, safected from the han est rock stych as sandstone of slate, wee bedded doen in the ground, ata formed the heart for cooling his opd. But no country are si th resorts uficienti numerous shelter larg population besides, they are generally at some a stance film the fer le plains, there game fcould be mos abundant. In such odes they chubtless structe rude hus of bough, skins, or bther matelak. Such an out-loor settlement was the station Solutr France where Is been found an immense numod of bones of horsts, reindeer also, tho gh in lest abundance, those of elephants, aurods, and great lions.-77-77ere no cand presented itself, these people me de forth inselves onvenien she erin places under the code of some gravering och various ottees Francesc resort have been discovere. The moroci shelters" has been given id such resd is. In sid places, ultere we may suprise they but nude but are four richieposits of le bones mammis, birds, nd fishd, as well implements of bone ad hom. Whave freg ently referred to the resence of hearths, howing that they sed fire the other ude races, is proodle that they obtain a fire bytte frictio fone ece of wood upon rnother. 1 Dupont, bund in one of the Blgium 
IELT 
TILL 
III 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
LIENT 
TIT 
11 
= 
I LEEEEEEEEEIIIIII 
LIT 
0 
TO 
ES 
T 
. 
. 
D 
. 
HII 
E 
IIIIIIIIIIII 
TIL