LIDL LLLL 
LI 
- III 
12 
TH 
WO 
introdusa. The material is dy mixed toith gra el or ponded she is. Very often they ortamented thr clay vessels animes antidots. la bord ans retraitent suspensed by come for the prom coas die toot rounding for them to stand en c. Besides, we find the hole for the pres, and in some pides handles Illustrations of AX 2 Sheath, md Hafta Hatch in Sheth. Notice of Neblithic too would be complete without mentioning the use made of hon and 2. One aliaru for whit they employed horn as as a sochet for holding her implements. Thus this ne ure shor sus and in a socket of hom. The middle of the socket is generally uforated ith a ro ad oroo Z hok, utended to receive a Landle ofor, birch, oi some other And of rood dapted for such a ise. The dt below present a matcha of this 2001. A number of these sockets love been found, whic were prepided ar le end o posite to the stone archat with a strong ad pomies tooth. These are boss' tusks, jrmly buried in the stag's han The old crone was flagging at the strings, and L. Corridd eu came help her "Yes! she took your letter," replied: 2e, impatie in. "She ook my story like s ring wder. God the stroke of troeloe-10 rrotu tght and she will you in, pa me Docter, but no 77 shela ou out dain, che Thecro stood on her hat her hand and loo ed uith a tiched glace at La Corrived. "If she 077l let 2 172, I shd 7 let pryself out, Mere Malheur, replied forriveau a low tope. "Butely do yo ask that "Beca se I read mischio in our eye an see it zvitchak in your du mo, and ou do not ask me share pur secre Is it sold as that, Dame Dodero" "Pshare you are string it! sait and pu wo177 se your sire of it! But tell m. Mere Mihaur, hoc ioes she Took, the mysterious Lady of the Chated La rripeau at down and place her long, thin hand da the arm of the 02 crone. "L 12 one do med to a 2, becaus Sie is to good to ve Sorr tu is a bad pasture for 2 young creature like her to bed on, D me Doder!" Das he ansies, but it ad not change a musel ze on the face of La Corrmeju. "Ay! but there are fuorse pastures the sorrow for young creatures like her, a she has und one of them she replied, coldh. "Vell as the maker bed so must wc Tie on it, ame Dodr--that is that I ahuays ? the sillyoung thugs coho d me to me asking their fortunes; and ti proverb leases them They Lakuasiun the brazbed me be soft and well made claw rate Thaude fooku bitter make their death 
bed that their briddoed! But I must so this pics of perption of pursto-mrrow night, damel 77 Intendid. returns pa treo days and he might remdse her. Da she tell you a lot him" "To! Bigot sa devil more powerful than the one we ser dame. I fear him" "Tut! fear nelier doi por man. It was to be at the hou of relo! Did you not say at ee hour otele, fere Malaura appeart ice this was scarcely zistinguis able from a mount, out on igging rue discos a series of large 1 chambers, built generally with stones of considerle sive, nd cond ring tonerd the center, where an opening appears to have bec left for tht and entilazio In som instand the mour was omated, and we have simply a cluster of ming hunt, with di ,thick ells. The e have been appropriately named "Bee-hee Houses rough the attent pn of the frientific orld wir he considers am le cidend of the presence of Pai cene TITETIT GUTTETO FC ToscroSTOTISCUSSZOTT UTTORE pica TUTTO TORT present TIC aided in this case is regard d as sutrient by s me of the best of merican cholars. 
-57- We simply mention them here, that they may be borne in mind what we see rolat evidence Europe as to offer pn this point. In 1865 M. Des overs, of France, scovered in a straum which considera Plioce some bones of elephants and other animals auf und scratched in ich a manner that he considered the cuts id be The teori of mansus Shot E MOTO CUTIOUS GE Logists are of acc.pring suci concies 07, 202 mentan THIS CO 
There was found in the same bed the remains of an ezt not bear. The qu stion was t once raise, whether rode is by gnaring these ibres cou not have produces the cuisi in quest 10. Sir Cha les Lyell, o actual experiments in the Zoologatal Gardus in London, soo showed that this tas probabl the fact.-55-2 et S Jolm Luolbck this quite like some of them were of human orige-59- Sud sequently, owever, M Bourgeois discoered in the same bed vorhed nuts, about the hun an origd of which there seem to be no de lot:-60- put a 
IEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
SI 
III 
EL 
1 
IIII 
I 
1 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
و ین جهانی و هلنا به نوشتند و نه تنها به انتها تسلیت تسميته بين دياب 
ن 
های 
منتهی به این هفته 
to be Pliocene, scine carefu biserver consider it to be of a later ge. Geolojisis can not be accused of rashi accepting state mints as to the antiq ty of ma in 186f there is discovered in Northern Italy, Pau man kull in a achcay cuting at a depth of ner teet. The stratu montams remains of s veral Priodne anim. ks. 
This is held to plove the stence of Pliocene ran by s eral entrent obse pers, amongst others of. Cod 
-