LIDL LLLL 
LI 
- III 
1 
. 
conditidis as rende it certain that the ratum had been disturbi and so oes not prepe to a certainty that 
of the same s the straten -Ander Gen s et the stromise of a terrge than the Pliocene-63- It is ut right at geologists shouthus ca fully sa n all the epidence produced. Cut on Bones of a while from Pifocene Deposit. find ourselves on fir mer ground. We only wish to call atation once more to i ke gradua. unfolding of life. W see that the rule has been that verrichele the beer forms of life precede the higher. In til plant work? 
-- 
IEEEEEEEEEEEEEEIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
II 
HELLU 
11 
grocoth f the flowefless vegen tion of the Paleosic Ace Tren fior ering platis appear. It is the lower forms f | them at first. It was long age ofore tres with a ciduous caves appeared. Til growth of animal lujt is equally 
instruct pe First pertebratellfe, then the lowest forms of vertebrate life. The fishes are followed by ampons then re tiles, the birds. Il first mimmal to appear as the lord est organised of all th marsud 27. And to have seen the sudd n increas of mana na lian 1 e in Tert try times. Ve notice, is a 77 the 
wision of life, a blginning, culmination, and a decling There is noer om such a growth of 17 werless plants d in the Pal ozoic, and flowering plants robably fulminate in the ocene. Til sa me rulerolds god for the animal reori also. As man is the most highly organized of 11 the animals, we cd not hope it find an cidend of his presece until find ppofs of the presend of all the lower tys of life. fcourse fut re | discover les may chalige our proledge when the cries is a molte; ut, from or present tand-pont, he could 
not had lived bgor the Modne Age, nd we have seen pro famt md indecsive are the proofs of 7 s presend Coen TH. But shout fear be prop, beyond a dispfe, that in aid in the poene agere IST observe at this is ut a smal portion, but a minute fraction of the great laps of time stce life appeared on the gloo. We are a reation of but yesterday, od grantint all that the most authusiastic believer in the antiquit of mancaclaim Then we fik of first appearance, we mean the dcovery of ma is. A colo believe the doctrie of votion, know that the class Mmmalia must have appeared at ry in Paloitints. Thus. Wallacek.cus. "Bo and wohlles strane moddations of mammal appear pe facti muellacloped in the Eocne. What auntless ass back ist we go for the drigin of these grout the whole from some ancestra carnido ous anime the bars from the il sectword "and ain when ce have to seek for the common origin of these groups at fardzrlier per pas. "So har, on the lowest estimate, de must pace the orfin of the Mammalid very far back in Pa Fozoic times." But the revard s 77 be measured in Toron on tiel, nor in youn, Tademoiste des M oises, when the deed done!" 1 Corried in the powers ch a secret could nable het to exercise over Angelique. She already regardd the half of her repuzla richess her ow "Neither she no the Intenant will der dare neglect me after ther!" said she "When dice Angelique shall be linke in with me by a seret compat of blood. 1 e fortun of La C rriveau is hade 777 death of this gir be the 27 rir of lif to you, it shall be the couchstone bf fortund Lorner La Corrika" M 2 Mai rauas 2. uda d sbatched on uusi b her old easib Dam Tremol... 
She had been well tored on very pous, what if say and low to d mean here. She lo fa a letter td Carolme written in the Italica hand of La Corr peau, we had led ned io no site well fom her mother, Marie Erili. Te mere po session of the art of iting rous a rarn in those rys in the class an ng whom she lived. I Corridetu's ability bwrite at all was 4 circumstance as marhab to her 177 terate neighbors as the possessio of the tick art with the ascribed toller, and without a strong suspicion that it had the same origin. Mete Matheue in anticipation of a up of ted and bran jy with Dame Timblay, hi 3 dressed erself with ome appeard .ce of smartness in a Lean strijd gorony Zinsey. A peaked Artois ha surmountd a broad-ridled ca which 2. visible so me tresses If coarse pray hair and a pair of silo ar-rings, conich dngled with very motion her head 
Heroes displayed öroad juckles of brass, an her sholt petticot showed pair of stut ankles & closed in red doched stochags. She drried arutched stick in hd hand help of thich she proceeded dig rously on her journey. Starting the morning she trudged out of the city oroards ze ferty of Jean Le No her, roho cardly crossed umself and his body too as a took M e Malheir on war 2. He wafed her over in a hurry, as some luing to be sot rid of es quickly as possio. Mere Latharramped of like a hedby gnome, crough the falle and flying leaves of the woods of Beaur anoir, a ring not ing for the golden, h y shy, the off, balm air, orth varicolore leaves-- Scarlet, ya Towe, and brocon, fevery side and the ge--that kung upon the autumal 
L 
IIII 
I 
1 
H: 
SHY 
1 IIIIIIIIIIIIII 
III 
" 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
E 
LLLL 
L 
LL