Indian summer,--that brief time of glory and enhantment which visits us like a gaudy herald to announce the
approach of the Winter King. It is Natures's last rejoicing in the sunshine and the open air, like the splendor and
gaiety of a maiden devoted to the cloister, who far a few weeks is allowed toflutter like a bird of paradise amid
the pleasures and gaieties of the world and then comes the end. Her locks of pride are shorn off; she veils her
beauty, and kneels e nun on the cold stones of her passioness cell, out of which, even with repentance there
comes no deliverance.

Beginning of the Glacial Age Inter glacial Age Man living in Europe during this age Map of Europe Proof of
former elevation of land The animals living in Europe during this age Conclusions drawn from these different
animal. The vegetation of this period Different climatic condition of Europe during the Glacial Age Proofs of a
Glacial Age Extent of the Glacial Ice Evidence of warm Inter-glacial Age The primitive state of man Early
English ciilization View of Horace Primitve man destitute o metals Order in which different materials were
used by man for weapons Evidence, from the River Somme History of Bucher de Perther's investigations
Discussion of the subject Antiquity of these remains Improvement during Paleolithic Age Description of the flint
implements Other countries where these implements are found What race of men were these tribes The Constadt
race Mr. Dawkins views When did they first appear in Europe The authorities on this question Conclusion
The terciary age, with its wonderful wealth of animal and plant life, gradually drew to its close. In our
"Outline" we have named the period that next ensued the Glacial Age. -2- This was sufficiently exact for or
purpose the, but we must remember this is the name-3- for a long series of years. During this period great
change in climate occurred. At its commencement, a genial temperate climate prevailed throughout Europe;
and this, as we know, was preceded, during the Miocene Age, by a warm tropical one.-4- This succession, then,
shows as that, for some reason or other the climate had been gradually growing colder. This change went
forward uninterruptedly. Doubtless very gradually, from century to century, the season grew more end more
severe, until, finally, the Summer's sun no longer cleared the mountains of the Winter's snow. This was the
beginning of he Glacial Age proper. The best authorities also suppose the the reign of snow and ice was
broken by at least one return possibly more) of genial climate, when animals and plants form the south again
visited the countries of Northern Europe only, however, to be once more driven forth by a return of arctic cold
But finally, before the increasing warrnth of a genial Climate, the galciers vanished, not to return again, and the
Glacial Age became merged in that of the present.

 of głdy and en hantmet schich sits us like a gaudy erald to announce the approa ir of the water ting its More's tastrgoting in the settime and the open to the the blendor gaiety fa maiden levoted to the cloister, who fr a fav reeks is dlowed to Tutter like bird of paradise anja the pletsures and grieties of Le world and then comes the end. He locis of ride are slþrn of; she peils her beauty, and kneels nun on the cold st pes of he passions cellot of whic, en moit repentance there comes a deliverante 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
LE 
. 
CITI 
LE? 
T ILIT 
IIIIIIIIIII 
TT 
former leation of Land The animals wing in Europe dering the age Condusions drdon from these different anima The vegetation of the s period Different flimatic ondition of Europf during il Glacial Are Proof of a Glacia Age Extent of the G cial Ice Foidence y warm Inter-gldtial Age 1 he primit te state of Earl English coilizatio, Vicces of Horace Primitie man destitute of als Order in wonici different naterials dere used b. man for we z pons Ellence, im the Ri er Some Histor of Bouchr de Pertis's investigations Discussion of the select Arc fruity of iese remans Impr pement during Patolithic Agt Descriptid of the fint implements Other puntries there thest implements are found wit race of ren were these tribes 7e Cansta at race M Dawkins vices When did ny first pear in Europe The authorities on the question inclusion The tertiary age, alth its wol derful daith of di malanplant 7 gradud draw to its close. In our "Outland we haochamed the period that next sued the Glacial ge.-9-7 is was sufficiently and for our purpose then, but ole must resember this is the time-3-jor a long series of wars. During this perich great change in climate pccurred. It is commencemet, a gen 1 tempate chmt prevailed throughout Europe; and tht as we indto, was preceded, dring the ocenege, by a varm trocal one-4 This succession, the showuss that, for some reasoor other the clim ze had an grad i groc g colder. This chang went formar uninterruptedly. Doótless od gradudo from enturyt century, seasons freu more nd more souere, intil, finall the Summer's sun no longer cleared he mountains of th Winter's 2000. This was the beginnng of the Glacial Agroper. The best athoritie also sup lose that the reign of now and ideas broken by at least one return possibly more) of conialci zate, when animals and plants from the saith agai visited the countrict of North Europeonly, he wever, be once more drio forth by reum of retic cold But fint, ogfore he increasing warnth of aginal Climate, the laciers od ished, not to return a fain, and the Glacia Age became merged that of the present TT 18 no longer a 1. stion that man trom Eur pe durn The Tam 2st portio of this agt, not from the beginning. It is nedssary, the, to com to a cled understanding the success we stages bf this entitage, and to trad the wonderful acles climate the strane mutat on of heat and cold which prut have exerted a powerfil influence bn the lid both an nal and getable of the period and she when we first find d cisive proofs of man's preence, and learn w z we can of his condition. The map of Europe, at the close of Pliocend timas did the comencement of the G il age is of interest to answer kucou Emon this it be seen that it has considetably more cleated than att present As this no fano Shetch, but is based on facts, it well to putline ther. Without the aid man, lad anim is can not possibly ass from the mainland of a 
"Noi a 7, " toas the toply; "the Roerend Father d Beray rould has thrown t back with a vengeante. But I confess, Le Mercie the Pad is a boil fellow pitch into the Hondes Gels the way does. I dit not that he ruou have contred uport it here in the make mfad of so m y abides, who su ar by the Eurgeois Philibet." The boli denunciations by the preacher again the Honetes Gens and agaist the people's friend and prliector, the fourgeois Philibert caused a fommoti n in the road of oitans, w o began to tter louder and bilier exclamations of dssent and remontince. A lose obse per ceould have noticed ang ulo hs and clenche Fists in mery parts of the crot d pressure closer nd close round the platform. The signs of increasi le These struments, therefore, filled ouble puposes: the cut or dushed to one end nd pierced with the other Jockets are so found wich t 027 brocida uch the board tuss, but are follaued teach end, so is to hold to flint hatchets at once, as is seen in der next/gure Chips and go ges were also so met inkes placed in bone harlales. Portions of her prooc bw at times did do as hoes. Tegide a represetation of sich an implement.-06-Wem ST 100 sek so me nformation as to hor the men of the Neolithic Age supported life. Sheath, ith two Hatchets Trustrations of Chi els in Shed, and Hon Hoe From the remains fish at all the kaht settle mets it is a dent the formed inconsid rable portion of their 
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
3 
E 
L2 
PILIH 
1 
- 
USE 
T 
III 
11 
. 
C 
- 
. 
II 
TTTTTTT 
IIIIIIIIIIII