?going back indeed to a former Geological age that his first state was very low and rude that he has risen to his present high es tate by means of his own exertions continued through long ages and from this form a prophecy of a golden age to come in the yet dis tant futur e, we shall feel that we have not written in vain. Necessity of a general acquaintance with the outlines of G eology A time in which ther e was no life possible on the globe Length of this per iod On the formation of rocks The record imperfect The three great periods in animal life on the globe Paleozoic age Animal and vegetable life of this period The Mesozoic age Anim al and vegetable life of this period Advance noted Abundance of r eptilian life First appearance of birds Natur e's methods of work The Cenozoic age Geological outline Sketch of the Eocene age Of the Miocene age What is sufficient proof of the pr esence of man Discussion of the Thenay flints The Pliocene age Animal and vegetable life of this age Was man living dur ing this age? Discussion of this subject Summing up the evidence Conclusion. For a clear understanding of questions relating to early man, a more or less extensive acquaintance with Geology is required. This is by no m eans a difficult task to accomplish. What so interesting as to unders tand at least the outlines of the his tory of life on the globe? To see how, following a definite plan, the vast continents have grown to their pr esent s ize and form; to see how animal and vegetable life have evolved successively higher and higher forms; to see wher e in this wondrous drama of cr eation, this strange unfolding of life, the first faint, indecisive traces of man's presence are to be found; to learn what great changes in climate, in Geogony, and in life, had occurred before man's appearance, let us pass in br ief review the history of early geological periods. As we have already stated, there must have been a very long period of time during which no life was possible on the globe. Of this era we know but little; for we find no strata of rocks of an earlier date than we know life, in its simplest forms, to have existed.-2- Still we are not less confident of the existence of this era, and the mind can dimly comprehend the scene, when a nearly shoreless ocean surged around the globe.-3- As to the extent of time dur ing which there was no life, we have no means of determining. That it was almost infinitely long is made apparent by the r esearches of em inent scholars on the cooling of lava. Toward the clos e of this extended period of time faint traces of life appear. Not life as we are apt to think of it. No nodding flowers were kissed by the sunshine of this early time. The ear liest forms of flowerless plants, such as sea- weeds, and in dry places possibly lichens covering the rocks, were the highest forms of vegetable life. Animal life, if present, for the fact is denied by some, occurs in the very lowest form, mer ely s tructureless bodies, with no especial organs of sens e, or nutr ition: and their motion consis ting s imply in protruding and withdrawing hair-like processes.-4- Such was the beginning of life. This vast per iod of tim e, which includes the beginning, is known among geologists as Ar chean time. From the close of this age, the histor y of life properly commences. It might be well to explain the means which the geologist uses to interpret the history of the globe. It is now understood that the forces of nature have always produced the sam e results as they do now. From the very earliest time to the present, rocks have been forming. There, wher e conditions were favorable, great beds of limestone, formed from shells and corals, ground up by the action of the s ea-5- in other places, massive beds of sandstone or of sand, afterward consolidated into sandstone were depositing. On the land surface, in places, gr eat beds of vegetable -i-debr is--i- were being converted into coal. Now we can easily see how the r emains of organic bodies, growing at the time of the formation of these beds, should be pres erved in a fossil form. Limestone rocks are thickly studded in places with all sorts of marine formations. Coal fields reveal wonders of ear ly vegetative growth. From sandstone r ocks, and shaly beds, we learn strange stories of animal life at the time they wer e forming. From a careful study of these remains together with the formation in which they occur, not only in one locality but all over the earth, geologists have gradually unfolded the histor y of life on the globe. It is admitted that, at best, our knowledge in that direction is fragmentary. This arises from errors in observation as well as that fossil formations ar e rare, or at least localities where they ar e known to exist are but few. So our knowledge of the past is as if we were examining some record from which pages, chapters, and even volumes, have been extracted. Paleozoic Forest In consequence of this imperfect record we can not, as yet, trace a gradual successive growth from the low forms of animal and plant, life, that characteriz ed the closing period of Ar chean tim e, to the highly organized types of the present. The record suddenly ceases and when we again pick up the thread we are surrounded by more advanced types, higher forms of life. Though we may hope that futur e discoveries will do much toward completing the r ecords, we can not hope that they will ever really be perfected. So, from our present stand- point, the history of life on the globe falls naturally into three gr eat divisions. -6- This is no more than we might expect, when we reflect that nature's laws ar e universal in their action, and that the wor ld, as a whole, has been subjected to the same set of changes. The per iod following on after Archean time is called, by geologists, Paleozoic time. During the long course of time embraced in this age, the forms of