?was too much for even her naturally sound and elastic constitution. H er health gave way irrecoverably. Her face grew thin and wan without los ing any of its spiritual beauty, as her soul looked through its ever more transparent covering, which daily grew more and more aetherialized as she faded away. A hectic flush, like a spot of fire, came and went for a time, and at last settled permanently upon her cheek. Her eyes, those glorious orbs, filled with unquenchable love, grew supernaturally large and brilliant with the flames that fed upon her vital for ces. Amelie sickened and sank rapidly. The vulture of quick consumption had fastened upon her young life. Mere Esther and Mere Migeon shook their heads, for they were used to broken hearts, and knew the infallible signs which denote an early death in the young and beautiful. Prayers and masses were offered for the recovery of Amelie, but all in vain. God wanted her. He alone knew how to heal that broken hear t. It was seen that she had not long to live. It was known she wished to die. Pierre heard the tidings with overwhelm ing grief. He had been permitted but once to see her for a few br ief moments, which dwelt upon his mind forever. He deferred his departure to Europe in consequence of her illness, and knocked daily at the door of the Convent to ask after her and leave some kind message or flower, which was faithfully carried to her by the friendly nuns who received him at the wicket. A feeling of pity and sympathy for these two affianced and unfor tunate lovers stole into the hearts of the coldest nuns, while the novices and the romantic convent girls were absolutely wild over the melancholy fate of Pierre and Amelie. H e long solicited in vain for another interview with Amelie, but until it was seen that she was approaching the end, it was not granted him. Mere Esther interceded strongly with the Lady Superior, who was jealous of the influence of Pierre with her young novice. At length Amelie's prayers overcame her scruples. He was told one day that Amelie was dying, and wished to see him for the last time in this world. Amelie was carried in a chair to the bars to receive her sorrowing lover. Her pale face retained its statuesque beauty of outline, but so thin and wasted! "Pierre will not know me;" whispered she to Heloise, "but I shall smile at the joy of m eeting him, and then he will r ecognize me." Her flowing veil was thrown back from her face. She spoke little, but her dark eyes were fixed with devouring eagerness upon the door by which she knew Pierre would come in. Her aunt supported her head upon her shoulder, while Heloise knelt at her knee and fanned her with s isterly tenderness, whisper ing words of s isterly sympathy in her ear. Pierre flew to the Convent at the hour appointed. He was at once admitted, with a caution from Mere Es ther to be calm and not agitate the dying girl. The moment he enter ed the great parlor, Amelie sprang from her seat with a sudden cry of recognition, extending her poor thin hands through the bars towards him. Pierre seized them, kissing them passionately, but broke down utterly at the s ight of her wasted face and the s eal of death set thereon. "Amelie, my darling Amelie!" exclaimed he; "I have prayed so long to see you, and they would not let me in." "It was partly m y fault, Pierre," said she fondly. "I feared to let you s ee me. I feared to learn that you hate, as you have caus e to do, the whole house of Repentigny! And yet you do not curse me, dear Pierre?" "My poor angel, you break my heart! I curse the house of Repentigny? I hate you? Am elie, you know me better." "But your good father, the noble and just Bour geois! Oh, Pierre, what have we not done to you and yours!" She fell back upon her pillow, covering her eyes with her semi- transparent hands, bursting, as she did so, into a flood of passionate tears and passing into a dead faint. Pierre was wild with anguish. He pressed against the bars. "For God's sake, let me in!" exclaimed he; " she is dying!" The two quiet nuns who wer e in attendance shook their heads at Pierre's appeal to open the door. They were too well disciplined in the iron rule of the house to open it without an express order from the Lady Superior, or from Mere Es ther. Their bosoms, abounding in spiritual warmth, responded coldly to the contagion of mere human passion. Their ears, unused to the voice of man's love, tingled at the words of Pierre. Fortunately, Mer e Esther, ever on the watch, came into the parlor, and, seeing at a glance the need of the hour, opened the iron door and bade Pierre come in. He rushed forward and threw himself at the feet of Amelie, calling her by the most tender appellatives, and seeking to recall her to a cons ciousness of his pr esence. That loved, familiar voice overtook her spirit, already winging its flight from earth, and brought it back for a few minutes longer. Mere Esther, a skilful nurse, administer ed a few drops of cordial, and, seeing her dying condition, s ent instantly for the physician and the chaplain. Amelie opened her eyes and turned them inquiringly around the group until they fas tened upon Pierre. A flash of fondness suddenly suffused her face, as she remembered how and why he was there. She threw her arms around his neck and kissed him many times, murmuring, "I have often prayed to die thus, Pierre! clos e to you, my love, close to you; in your arms and God's, where you could r eceive my last breath, and feel in the last throb of my heart that it is wholly yours!" "My poor Amelie," cried he, pressing her to his bosom, "you shall not die! Courage, darling! It is but weakness and the air of the convent; you shall not die." "I am