A 
XIASHARA H 
ERRERA 
HHHHHHHHHHHHH HH MTI1MH 
. 
| 
Inside. Surrounded by warmth and comfoeting smells. If the drive and the Tree had made him a scared little boy, this house made him a secure one. "Richie!" His grandmother was there, small and phemp with curly gray hair. She smiled "Hey Na-Na," he said, hugging her: "How're you feeling?" "Oh, as well as can be expected," she said. Sit, sit. She motioned him to a chait. He sat and settled in. It was an old chair, one he/sat in as a child It was as comfo ting as seeing his grandmother. "Tea" she said through her soft Wrinkles. Rich moved to stand. "Let me, Na Na. You've been through so much." “No, sit, sit,” she said, and he did. 'Humor what makes an old woman happy.” ipping. It was sweet, with cinnamon and other spices he couldn't place. She smiled and sat in an old rocker across the room. “I wish you wouldn't drive so late at night.” "I know," he said. "But I couldn't get out of the offide any sobner." He took another sip. He loved his grandmother, but did she have to keep the house so hot? She nodded. "Was the drive okay?" "Oh, yes, yes," said Rich. It was fire." He wished he'd dressed cooler. He started to feel lightheaded "You alright, Richie?" she asked, leaning forward in the rocker. "Fine, Na-Na, fine. Just a little deed-headed from the drive. He took a third sip "I really should be asking how you're doing." She nodded. "Well, I suppose I shouldn't be too sad After all, I did kill them." Rich stopped mid-sip, wondering if he'd heard right. "Whal" Na-Na nodded You'll want to put the mug down before yol drop it. Rich stared at her. The mug slipped from his hand Hot liquid splashed across his lap and the mug rolled across the floor. Every-nerve in his lower Hody screamed, but he couldn't move "Told you," she said. "Na.. "he started, his tongue suddenly limp. “Yesyes," she said. “Na-Na, Na-Ne, Na.Na. I think we're all a little sick of Na-Nd." Rich looked down at the mug on the floor. A puddle of tea lew next to it. Bits of waod sat in the bottom of the mug. Bark The free. "I'd say we start using my proper name," and here she made a sound like a deep, growling gargle- "but as you probably can't pronounce that, let's just go with the Witch of the Forest Rich tried again to move only succeeding in moving his head around She stood from the rocker: "That's right, witch. And I don't mean any of that feel-good new-age Wicca twaddle. I mean power, Richie." She moved to a closet and pulled put a thick, stained tarp. Big leather straps with large blickles hang from it. She dropped it in front of Rich. "The problem with power is that it fades. She moved behind his chair and pushed forward. Rich fell onto the tarp, rolling onto his back. She began fastening the straps around his limbs. "Fades like youth She looked down at him. You think I'm old, Richie You have no ided how old I am." 
1 
BARA 
M 
ETRARARASERREXISTRA 
HAHABARABARBER 
TI 
XER