Then, a sound. A 1pice, soft and almost childlike. A whisper from deep within a cave, but blindingly dear in the nitter silence. "Youdere ask for my blessing when progeny remam Na-Na frowned and snapped off the glasses. Progem? But 1..." Then she was screaming. The light around her became brighter. She dropped the book and her arms shot out to either side. With a horrible crack her body split in two, down the middle. Light spilled out. Her screan became distant and the light faded. Then she was gone. Rich was left bleeding in the dark, wondering woozily what had happened. The cell phone in his pocket started ringing. Betty. The baby. Thank you for downloading my book. You are welcome to share it with your friends (or enemies!). This book may be reproduced, copied, and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to $mashwords.com to discover some of my other books. Thank you for your support Coming home from a trip always left Pam with mixed feelings. It was good to be home after such a long time. Easing back into the same boring pattern she referred to as her life, on the other hand... fternoon passed and transformed into evening. Pam passed most of it on her computer with a glass of wine, more accurately an old Big Galp cup which could accommodate the whole bottle. After a sufficient amount of intoxication set in, she proceeded to open up her suitcase. Her clothes were packed into a strange swirling pattern along the inner edges. She pulled at someti shirts and cotton shorts until her prize lay unwrapped, looking very much like an egg in a rest of cloth. She lifted the black and white pot fibm its cridle and sighed. Pam had spent most of her week intestigating the ruins of Mesa Verde in southwestern Colorado. She had only visited the gift shop twice. The first time was for a niece who collected shot glasse (which Pam thought was ridiculously silly, seeing as the girl wasleight) and the second time for a pot meant to be a re-creation of the black on white style pottery manufactured by the Anasazi, or Ancestral Puebloans if you cared about their feelings. That pot, purthased with her Visa card had long ago seen a short trip over a deep canyon. The pat she held in her hands had a little price sticker stuck to its bottom, a precaution for just in case. It was, after all, a felony to remove an artifact from National Park. She rotated the pot in her hand, admiring the craftsmanship and the artwork of the piece. The top of the pothad been sealed shut with what looked like a thick piece of leather teatherties had been across the neck of the piece, giving it a drun like appearanee. Pam tapped a finger on it experimentally, rejoicing in the solid beat that echoed off of her walls It had rained heavily in Mesa Verde for most of the week, way more than usual. In many of the ruins pot fragments had appeared in the sand and gravel, exposed for the first time in maybe centuries. These only interested Pam so much. She would respectfully examine them and place them back where she found them. This particular find had been far more exciting. Pam had always been fascinated by archaeology. When she had attended college ten years ago, she had graduated with a major in English and a minor in Archaeology. Neither degree actually mattered since her parents were filthy rich, and she fully intended to sponge off of the until they died and she inherited it all 
1 
UU 
1 LSIDIILID 
-T 
NH 
D 
A 
WWWWWWWW 
ULL 
TUTTE 
HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH