HERRER 
T 
It wasn't a bad thing, actually. She was a good daughter and a giving person, and if one of her books would ever sell, maybe she would make something of hersell She thought back to the day she had seen the pot. She had been checking out the ruins on the Far View Sites, making her way through each one and taking tons of pictures. The hike up to Mummy Lake had yielded several little pottery shards along the trail. Getting up to Munimy Lake, she found a pair of Russians who took her picture in front of the Civil Engineering market and set dbout exploring. Careftit not to disturb the tits, she had descended the stairs to wander around the inside of the reservoir the Anasazi had built for themselves. Overgrown with grass and various vegetation, she tried to imagine what It was like all those years ago when the natives had come to this place for water everyday. Towards the middle of the lake was a sandy patch ofground surrounded by green. Curious, she realized that it was something that could not be seen from the edge of the lake due to the tall grass around it. Without thinking much about it, she snapped a picture. The screen of her digital camera looked strange and washed out. Frowning, she tried to take another. Failing again, she snapped a picture of the rim of the lake. The little screen on her camera displayed the image just fine. Curioils, she walked closer to the bare patch to see if she had encountered some strange magnetic anomaly (she'd heard the word on television) and sew the curve of what could dnly be a giant pottery shard Excited, she scurried through the grass and knelt down. Thinking it was a piece the size of her hand, she attempted to pick it up only to discover that it was buried. Excited by the prospect of seeing a mostly intact piece of history, she had begin digging down into the ground. The earth beneath he fingers seemed to move willingly away from the fired clay and soon she pulled it free from the ground. Excitement at seding an intact artifact soon gave way to indecision. Should she leave it and hope it was still there when she could bring someone back? Or should she take it with her? The sound of a large group of people walking up the trail decided it for her. Pam had scurrieq down a different trail, heading back to the parking area, intent on finding a ranger with the pot in her hands. It would be easy to show them the depression; it was the size of volleyball. Surprised to see nobody as the parking lot, she placed the pot carefully in the passengers well, wrapped in her jacket and a spare pair of jeans. She had hit a bump pulling out of the lot and heard something inside the jar rattle around much Ike beads Pulling into the Par View Terrace, it never crossed her mind why she was buying a similar sized pot It still never crossed her mind when she pulled the sticker from it and stick it to her prize, which was now nestled in a box between her clothing that had come with her purchase. Stopping on her way out of the park only to hurt her souvenir over a cliff, she was back in her hotel room shaking with excitement when it finally occurred to her what she had dond Shame and guilt had caused the artifact to remain hidden away in her luggage til returning home Free of its confinement, she spun the pot in her hand, listening to the sound of something inside rolling around. It was probably abouple of pebbles or maybe even some broken dirt clumps. A week passed. Every night, Pam would sit down by her computer to write her first best seller only to find herself holding the pot between her fingers and drumming on the leather seal up top. Upon careful 
2 
Tr 
EL 
. 
. 
TI 
NINE 
TILL 
.