1 
TILT 
1111 
IV 
TS 
C 
ULD 
LI 
1 
ER DER ER BLEVET BLIR DET ER LILLE 
1 
LE 
TYPET 
LE 
10L 
C 
When I was a small boy at the beginning of the century I remember an old man who wore knee-breeches and worsted | stockings, and who fused to hebble abate the strest of our village with the help of a stick. He must have been getting on 
for eighty in the year 1807, earlier thart which date I suppose I can bardh remember hon for I was dom in 1802. A few white locks hung about his ears, his shoulders were bent and his knees feeble, but he was still hale, and was much respected in our little world of Patehan. His name was Pontifex His wife was said to be his master; I hape been idd she brought him a little money, but it cannot have been much. She was a tdl, square-shouldered person (I have heard my father call hera Gothic woman) who had insisted on being married to Mr Pontfex when he was young and too good-atured to say nay to any woman who wood hin. The pair 
had lived not unhappily together, for Mr Pontifexs temper was easy and he soon learned to bow before his wife's more stormy moods. Mr Pontifex was a carpenter by trade; he was also at one time parish dert, when I remember laim, however, he had so far risen in life as to be no longer compelled to work with his own hands. In his earlier days he had taught himself to draw. I do not say he drew well, but it was surprising he should draw as well as he did. My father, who took the living of Palehan about the year 17oz, became passessed of a good many of old Mr Pontifex's drawings, which were always of local subjects, and so unaffectedy painstaking that they might have passed for the work of some good early master. I remember them as ranging up framed and glazed in the study at the Rectory, and tinted, as all else in the room was tired, with the green reflected from the finge of leaves that grew around the windows. I wonder how they will actually cease and come pan end as draw ilgs, and into what new phases of being the will then enter. Not content with being an artist, Mr Pontifex must reeds dso be a musician. He built the organ in the church with his own hands, and made a smaller one which he kept in his own house! He could play as much as he could draw, not very well-according to professional standards, but much better than-couhave been expected. I-myself slowed a taste-for music at an early age, and old Mr Pontifex on finding it alt, as he spon did, became partial to me in consequence. It may be thought that with so many irons in the fire he could hardly be a very thriving man, but this was not the case. His father had been a day labourer, and he had himself begu l je with no other capital than his good sense and good constitution, now, however, there was d goodly show of topber about his yard, and a look of solid confort over his whole establishment Towards the close of the eighteenth century and not long before my father came to Paleham, he had taken a farm of about nine y acres, drus making a considerable rise in life. Along with the famm there went an old fashioned but comfortable halse with a chaming garden and anordnard. The carpenters business was now carried on in one of the outhouses that had once been part of some corental buildings, the remains of which could be seen in what was called the Abbey Close. 
The houe itself, embosomed in honeystickles and creeping roses, was an omament to the whole village, nor were its internal arrangements less exemplary than its outside was omamental. Repori said that Mrs Pontife starched the sheets for her best ded, and I can well believe it. How well do I remember her parlour half filled with the organ which her husband had built, and scented with a withered apple or two from the pyris japonica that grew outside the house; 
the picture of the prize ox over the chimney-piece wirich Mr Portifex himself had painted, the transparency of the man coming to show light to a coach upon a snowy night also by M Pontifex the little old man and litle old woman who told the weather, the china shepherd and shepherdess; the jars of feathery Jowering grasses with a peacock's feather or two among them to set them off, and the china bowls fill 
of dead rose leaves dried with bay salt. All has long since vanished and become a memory, faded but still fragrant to myself. Nay, bu her kitcher-and the glimpses into a cavemous cellar beyond it, wherefrom came gleams from the pale surfaces of milk cars, or it may be of the arms and face of a miknad skumming the creare; or again er store room, where among other treasures the kept the famous lipsalve which was one of her especial glories, and of which she would present a shape yearly to those whom she delighted to honout. She wrote out the recipe for this and gave it to my mother & year or two before she died, but we could never make it as she did. When we were children she used 
sometimes to send their respects to my mother, and ask leave for us to come and take tea with her. Riget well she used to ply us. As for tempel, we never met such a delightful old Iddy in our lives; whatever Mr Pontifex may have had to put up with, we had no cause for complaint and then Mr Pornifex would play to w upon the organ, and we would stand 
round him open-mouthed and thuik hin the most wonderilly clever man that ever was bom, except of course our papa. 
- 
TIL 
ILLE 
IT 
1 ILOT DU 
V 
22 
TUEEL 
TIET 
1 
ITT 
LIITTIILIT LIITTIILILIT I 
TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT 
LII 
LL 
- 
I 
I 
TILLITI TIILIT